https://www.ted.com/talks/ken_robinson_says_schools_kill_creativity Ken Robinson: Do schools kill creativity?
https://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis Al Gore: Averting the climate crisis
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_pogue_says_simplicity_sells David Pogue: Simplicity sells
https://www.ted.com/talks/majora_carter_s_tale_of_urban_renewal Majora Carter: Greening the ghetto
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_shows_the_best_stats_you_ve_ever_seen Hans Rosling: The best stats you've ever seen
https://www.ted.com/talks/tony_robbins_asks_why_we_do_what_we_do Tony Robbins: Why we do what we do
https://www.ted.com/talks/julia_sweeney_on_letting_go_of_god Julia Sweeney: Letting go of God
https://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_prince_ramus_on_seattle_s_library Joshua Prince-Ramus: Behind the design of Seattle's library
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_dennett_s_response_to_rick_warren Dan Dennett: Let's teach religion -- all religion -- in schools
https://www.ted.com/talks/rick_warren_on_a_life_of_purpose Rick Warren: A life of purpose
https://www.ted.com/talks/cameron_sinclair_on_open_source_architecture Cameron Sinclair: My wish: A call for open-source architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/jehane_noujaim_inspires_a_global_day_of_film Jehane Noujaim: My wish: A global day of film
https://www.ted.com/talks/larry_brilliant_wants_to_stop_pandemics Larry Brilliant: My wish: Help me stop pandemics
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_han_demos_his_breakthrough_touchscreen Jeff Han: The radical promise of the multi-touch interface
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_negroponte_on_one_laptop_per_child Nicholas Negroponte: One Laptop per Child
https://www.ted.com/talks/sirena_huang_dazzles_on_violin Sirena Huang: An 11-year-old's magical violin
https://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_lin_improvs_piano_magic "Jennifer Lin: Improvising on piano, aged 14"
https://www.ted.com/talks/amy_smith_shares_simple_lifesaving_design Amy Smith: Simple designs to save a life
https://www.ted.com/talks/ross_lovegrove_shares_organic_designs "Ross Lovegrove: Organic design, inspired by nature"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jimmy_wales_on_the_birth_of_wikipedia Jimmy Wales: The birth of Wikipedia
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_baraniuk_on_open_source_learning Richard Baraniuk: The birth of the open-source learning revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/ze_frank_s_nerdcore_comedy Ze Frank: Nerdcore comedy
https://www.ted.com/talks/mena_trott_tours_her_blog_world Mena Trott: Meet the founder of the blog revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/helen_fisher_tells_us_why_we_love_cheat "Helen Fisher: Why we love, why we cheat"
https://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_on_happiness_in_body_and_soul Eve Ensler: Happiness in body and soul
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_deutsch_on_our_place_in_the_cosmos David Deutsch: Chemical scum that dream of distant quasars
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_dawkins_on_our_queer_universe Richard Dawkins: Why the universe seems so strange
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_levitt_analyzes_crack_economics Steven Levitt: The freakonomics of crack dealing
https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell_on_spaghetti_sauce "Malcolm Gladwell: Choice, happiness and spaghetti sauce"
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_gilbert_asks_why_are_we_happy Dan Gilbert: The surprising science of happiness
https://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_on_the_paradox_of_choice Barry Schwartz: The paradox of choice
https://www.ted.com/talks/eva_vertes_looks_to_the_future_of_medicine Eva Vertes: Meet the future of cancer research
https://www.ted.com/talks/aubrey_de_grey_says_we_can_avoid_aging Aubrey de Grey: A roadmap to end aging
https://www.ted.com/talks/iqbal_quadir_says_mobiles_fight_poverty Iqbal Quadir: How mobile phones can fight poverty
https://www.ted.com/talks/jacqueline_novogratz_invests_in_ending_poverty Jacqueline Novogratz: Invest in Africa's own solutions
https://www.ted.com/talks/sasa_vucinic_invests_in_free_press Sasa Vucinic: Why we should invest in a free press
https://www.ted.com/talks/ashraf_ghani_on_rebuilding_broken_states Ashraf Ghani: How to rebuild a broken state
https://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space Burt Rutan: The real future of space exploration
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_saunders_skis_to_the_north_pole Ben Saunders: Why did I ski to the North Pole?
https://www.ted.com/talks/bono_s_call_to_action_for_africa Bono: My wish: Three actions for Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/edward_burtynsky_on_manufactured_landscapes Edward Burtynsky: My wish: Manufactured landscapes and green education
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_fischell_on_medical_inventing Robert Fischell: My wish: Three unusual medical inventions
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_donnelly_shows_how_stats_fool_juries Peter Donnelly: How juries are fooled by statistics
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_shermer_on_believing_strange_things Michael Shermer: Why people believe weird things
https://www.ted.com/talks/ray_kurzweil_on_how_technology_will_transform_us Ray Kurzweil: The accelerating power of technology
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_kelly_on_how_technology_evolves Kevin Kelly: How technology evolves
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_gabriel_fights_injustice_with_video Peter Gabriel: Fight injustice with raw video
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_st_john_s_8_secrets_of_success Richard St. John: 8 secrets of success
https://www.ted.com/talks/rives_controls_the_internet Rives: If I controlled the Internet
https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_ornish_on_the_world_s_killer_diet Dean Ornish: The killer American diet that's sweeping the planet
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_neuwirth_on_our_shadow_cities Robert Neuwirth: The hidden world of shadow cities
https://www.ted.com/talks/bjorn_lomborg_sets_global_priorities Bjorn Lomborg: Global priorities bigger than climate change
https://www.ted.com/talks/wade_davis_on_endangered_cultures Wade Davis: Dreams from endangered cultures
https://www.ted.com/talks/phil_borges_on_endangered_cultures Phil Borges: Photos of endangered cultures
https://www.ted.com/talks/martin_rees_asks_is_this_our_final_century Martin Rees: Is this our final century?
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_wright_on_optimism Robert Wright: Progress is not a zero-sum game
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_johnson_tours_the_ghost_map "Steven Johnson: How the ""ghost map"" helped end a killer disease"
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_leadbeater_on_innovation Charles Leadbeater: The era of open innovation
https://www.ted.com/talks/pilobolus_perform_symbiosis "Pilobolus: A dance of ""Symbiosis"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/anna_deavere_smith_s_american_character Anna Deavere Smith: Four American characters
https://www.ted.com/talks/saul_griffith_on_everyday_inventions Saul Griffith: Everyday inventions
https://www.ted.com/talks/neil_gershenfeld_on_fab_labs Neil Gershenfeld: Unleash your creativity in a Fab Lab
https://www.ted.com/talks/carl_honore_praises_slowness Carl HonorÌ©: In praise of slowness
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_clinton_on_rebuilding_rwanda Bill Clinton: My wish: Rebuilding Rwanda
https://www.ted.com/talks/e_o_wilson_on_saving_life_on_earth E.O. Wilson: My wish: Build the Encyclopedia of Life
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_nachtwey_s_searing_pictures_of_war James Nachtwey: My wish: Let my photographs bear witness
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_goodall_on_what_separates_us_from_the_apes Jane Goodall: What separates us from chimpanzees?
https://www.ted.com/talks/seth_godin_on_sliced_bread Seth Godin: How to get your ideas to spread
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_watson_on_how_he_discovered_dna James Watson: How we discovered DNA
https://www.ted.com/talks/al_seckel_says_our_brains_are_mis_wired Al Seckel: Visual illusions that show how we (mis)think
https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_kamen_on_inventing_and_giving Dean Kamen: To invent is to give
https://www.ted.com/talks/juan_enriquez_on_genomics_and_our_future Juan Enriquez: The life code that will reshape the future
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefan_sagmeister_shares_happy_design Stefan Sagmeister: Happiness by design
https://www.ted.com/talks/alex_steffen_sees_a_sustainable_future Alex Steffen: The route to a sustainable future
https://www.ted.com/talks/thom_mayne_on_architecture_as_connection Thom Mayne: How architecture can connect us
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_bangle_says_great_cars_are_art Chris Bangle: Great cars are great art
https://www.ted.com/talks/nora_york_sings_what_i_want "Nora York: Singing ""What I Want"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_bennett_finds_design_in_the_details Paul Bennett: Design is in the details
https://www.ted.com/talks/vik_muniz_makes_art_with_wire_sugar "Vik Muniz: Art with wire, sugar, chocolate and string"
https://www.ted.com/talks/nick_bostrom_on_our_biggest_problems Nick Bostrom: A philosophical quest for our biggest problems
https://www.ted.com/talks/janine_benyus_shares_nature_s_designs Janine Benyus: Biomimicry's surprising lessons from nature's engineers
https://www.ted.com/talks/craig_venter_on_dna_and_the_sea Craig Venter: Sampling the ocean's DNA
https://www.ted.com/talks/golan_levin_on_software_as_art Golan Levin: Software (as) art
https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_savage_rumbaugh_on_apes_that_write Susan Savage-Rumbaugh: The gentle genius of bonobos
https://www.ted.com/talks/frans_lanting_s_lyrical_nature_photos Frans Lanting: The story of life in photographs
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheila_patek_clocks_the_fastest_animals Sheila Patek: The shrimp with a kick!
https://www.ted.com/talks/jill_sobule_sings_to_al_gore "Jill Sobule: Global warming's theme song, ""Manhattan in January"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/caroline_lavelle_casts_a_spell_on_cello Caroline Lavelle: Casting a spell on the cello
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_dennett_on_our_consciousness Dan Dennett: The illusion of consciousness
https://www.ted.com/talks/evelyn_glennie_shows_how_to_listen Evelyn Glennie: How to truly listen
https://www.ted.com/talks/william_mcdonough_on_cradle_to_cradle_design William McDonough: Cradle to cradle design
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_bezos_on_the_next_web_innovation Jeff Bezos: The electricity metaphor for the web's future
https://www.ted.com/talks/rives_remixes_ted2006 Rives: A mockingbird remix of TED2006
https://www.ted.com/talks/eddi_reader_sings_kiteflyer_s_hill "Eddi Reader: ""Kiteflyer's Hill"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/eddi_reader_sings_about_what_you_ve_got "Eddi Reader: ""What You've Got"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_honey_on_god_and_the_tsunami Tom Honey: Why would God create a tsunami?
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_dawkins_on_militant_atheism Richard Dawkins: Militant atheism
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_rielly_delivers_a_comic_send_up_of_ted2006 Tom Rielly: A comic sendup of TED2006
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_dolby_and_rachelle_garniez "Rachelle Garniez: ""La Vie en Rose"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_anderson_of_wired_on_tech_s_long_tail Chris Anderson: Technology's long tail
https://www.ted.com/talks/natalie_macmaster_fiddles_in_reel_time Natalie MacMaster: Cape Breton fiddling in reel time
https://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google Sergey Brin + Larry Page: The genesis of Google
https://www.ted.com/talks/stew_says_black_men_ski "Stew: ""Black Men Ski"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_howard_kunstler_dissects_suburbia James Howard Kunstler: The ghastly tragedy of the suburbs
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_kelley_on_human_centered_design David Kelley: Human-centered design
https://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_on_squatter_cities Stewart Brand: What squatter cities can teach us
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_hawkins_on_how_brain_science_will_change_computing Jeff Hawkins: How brain science will change computing
https://www.ted.com/talks/tierney_thys_swims_with_the_giant_sunfish Tierney Thys: Swim with the giant sunfish
https://www.ted.com/talks/blaise_aguera_y_arcas_demos_photosynth Blaise Agï¿½_era y Arcas: How PhotoSynth can connect the world's images
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_doerr_sees_salvation_and_profit_in_greentech John Doerr: Salvation (and profit) in greentech
https://www.ted.com/talks/ngozi_okonjo_iweala_on_doing_business_in_africa Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala: Want to help Africa? Do business here
https://www.ted.com/talks/anand_agarawala_demos_his_bumptop_desktop Anand Agarawala: Rethink the desktop with BumpTop
https://www.ted.com/talks/bob_thurman_says_we_can_be_buddhas Robert Thurman: We can be Buddhas
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_rockwell_builds_at_ground_zero David Rockwell: A memorial at Ground Zero
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_barnett_draws_a_new_map_for_peace Thomas Barnett: Let's rethink America's military strategy
https://www.ted.com/talks/ethel_performs_blue_room "Ethel: A string quartet plays ""Blue Room"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_lawler_tours_microsoft_virtual_earth Stephen Lawler: Tour Microsoft's Virtual Earth
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_reveals_new_insights_on_poverty Hans Rosling: New insights on poverty
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_stone_explores_the_earth_and_space Bill Stone: I'm going to the moon. Who's with me?
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_dennett_on_dangerous_memes Dan Dennett: Dangerous memes
https://www.ted.com/talks/alan_russell_on_regenerating_our_bodies Alan Russell: The potential of regenerative medicine
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_harris_tells_the_web_s_secret_stories Jonathan Harris: The Web's secret stories
https://www.ted.com/talks/emily_oster_flips_our_thinking_on_aids_in_africa Emily Oster: Flip your thinking on AIDS in Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/will_wright_makes_toys_that_make_worlds "Will Wright: Spore, birth of a game"
https://www.ted.com/talks/rives_on_4_a_m Rives: The  4 a.m. mystery
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_bolinsky_animates_a_cell David Bolinsky: Visualizing the wonder of a living cell
https://www.ted.com/talks/allison_hunt_gets_a_new_hip Allison Hunt: How to get (a new) hip
https://www.ted.com/talks/george_ayittey_on_cheetahs_vs_hippos George Ayittey: Africa's cheetahs versus hippos
https://www.ted.com/talks/ngozi_okonjo_iweala_on_aid_versus_trade Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala: Aid versus trade
https://www.ted.com/talks/william_kamkwamba_on_building_a_windmill William Kamkwamba: How I built a windmill
https://www.ted.com/talks/euvin_naidoo_on_investing_in_africa Euvin Naidoo: Why invest in Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/patrick_awuah_on_educating_leaders Patrick Awuah: How to educate leaders? Liberal arts
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_abani_on_the_stories_of_africa Chris Abani: Telling stories from Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/jacqueline_novogratz_on_patient_capitalism Jacqueline Novogratz: Patient capitalism
https://www.ted.com/talks/vusi_mahlasela_sings_thula_mama "Vusi Mahlasela: ""Thula Mama"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/vusi_mahlasela_s_encore_at_tedglobal2007 "Vusi Mahlasela: ""Woza"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_skoll_makes_movies_that_make_change Jeff Skoll: My journey into movies that matter
https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_kamen_previews_a_new_prosthetic_arm "Dean Kamen: Luke, a new prosthetic arm for soldiers"
https://www.ted.com/talks/erin_mckean_redefines_the_dictionary Erin McKean: The joy of lexicography
https://www.ted.com/talks/andrew_mwenda_takes_a_new_look_at_africa Andrew Mwenda: Aid for Africa? No thanks.
https://www.ted.com/talks/theo_jansen_creates_new_creatures "Theo Jansen: My creations, a new form of life"
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_on_language_and_thought Steven Pinker: What our language habits reveal
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_on_the_myth_of_violence Steven Pinker: The surprising decline in violence
https://www.ted.com/talks/deborah_scranton_on_her_war_tapes Deborah Scranton: An Iraq war movie crowd-sourced from soldiers
https://www.ted.com/talks/zeresenay_alemseged_looks_for_humanity_s_roots Zeresenay Alemseged: The search for humanity's roots
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_maeda_on_the_simple_life John Maeda: Designing for simplicity
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_petranek_counts_down_to_armageddon Stephen Petranek: 10 ways the world could end
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_maccready_flies_on_solar_wings Paul MacCready: A flight on solar wings
https://www.ted.com/talks/carolyn_porco_flies_us_to_saturn Carolyn Porco: This is Saturn
https://www.ted.com/talks/kenichi_ebina_s_magic_moves Kenichi Ebina: My magic moves
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_branson_s_life_at_30_000_feet "Richard Branson: Life at 30,000 feet"
https://www.ted.com/talks/hod_lipson_builds_self_aware_robots "Hod Lipson: Building ""self-aware"" robots"
https://www.ted.com/talks/maira_kalman_the_illustrated_woman Maira Kalman: The illustrated woman
https://www.ted.com/talks/jan_chipchase_on_our_mobile_phones Jan Chipchase: The anthropology of mobile phones
https://www.ted.com/talks/vilayanur_ramachandran_on_your_mind VS Ramachandran: 3 clues to understanding your brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/elene_gabre_madhin_on_ethiopian_economics Eleni Gabre-Madhin: A commodities exchange for Ethiopia
https://www.ted.com/talks/sherwin_nuland_on_electroshock_therapy Sherwin Nuland: How electroshock therapy changed me
https://www.ted.com/talks/matthieu_ricard_on_the_habits_of_happiness Matthieu Ricard: The habits of happiness
https://www.ted.com/talks/larry_lessig_says_the_law_is_strangling_creativity Lawrence Lessig: Laws that choke creativity
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_rothemund_casts_a_spell_with_dna Paul Rothemund: Playing with DNA that self-assembles
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_keith_s_surprising_ideas_on_climate_change David Keith: A critical look at geoengineering against climate change
https://www.ted.com/talks/juan_enriquez_wants_to_grow_energy Juan Enriquez: Using biology to rethink the energy challenge
https://www.ted.com/talks/larry_brilliant_makes_the_case_for_optimism Larry Brilliant: The case for optimism
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_animal_movement Robert Full: The sticky wonder of gecko feet
https://www.ted.com/talks/ron_eglash_on_african_fractals Ron Eglash: The fractals at the heart of African designs
https://www.ted.com/talks/philippe_starck_thinks_deep_on_design Philippe Starck: Design and destiny
https://www.ted.com/talks/murray_gell_mann_on_beauty_and_truth_in_physics "Murray Gell-Mann: Beauty, truth and ... physics?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/amory_lovins_on_winning_the_oil_endgame Amory Lovins: Winning the oil endgame
https://www.ted.com/talks/arthur_benjamin_does_mathemagic "Arthur Benjamin: A performance of ""Mathemagic"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_goleman_on_compassion Daniel Goleman: Why aren't we more compassionate?
https://www.ted.com/talks/lakshmi_pratury_on_letter_writing Lakshmi Pratury: The lost art of letter-writing
https://www.ted.com/talks/gever_tulley_on_5_dangerous_things_for_kids Gever Tulley: 5 dangerous things you should let your kids do
https://www.ted.com/talks/isabel_allende_tells_tales_of_passion Isabel Allende: Tales of passion
https://www.ted.com/talks/yossi_vardi_fights_local_warming Yossi Vardi: We're worried about local warming ... in your lap
https://www.ted.com/talks/deborah_gordon_digs_ants Deborah Gordon: The emergent genius of ant colonies
https://www.ted.com/talks/j_j_abrams_mystery_box J.J. Abrams: The mystery box
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_gallo_shows_underwater_astonishments David Gallo: Underwater astonishments
https://www.ted.com/talks/paola_antonelli_treats_design_as_art Paola Antonelli: Treat design as art
https://www.ted.com/talks/frank_gehry_asks_then_what "Frank Gehry: A master architect asks, Now what?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/raul_midon_plays_all_the_answers_and_tembererana "Raul Midon: ""Tembererana"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_strickland_makes_change_with_a_slide_show "Bill Strickland: Rebuilding a neighborhood with beauty, dignity, hope"
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life Bernie Dunlap: The life-long learner
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_pogue_on_the_music_wars David Pogue: The music wars
https://www.ted.com/talks/alison_jackson_looks_at_celebrity Alison Jackson: An unusual glimpse at celebrity
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_anderson_shares_his_vision_for_ted Chris Anderson: TED's nonprofit transition
https://www.ted.com/talks/robin_chase_on_zipcar_and_her_next_big_idea Robin Chase: The idea behind Zipcar (and what comes next)
https://www.ted.com/talks/jaime_lerner_sings_of_the_city Jaime Lerner: A song of the city
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_macaulay_s_rome_antics David Macaulay: An illustrated journey through Rome
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_pollan_gives_a_plant_s_eye_view Michael Pollan: A plant's-eye view
https://www.ted.com/talks/howard_rheingold_on_collaboration Howard Rheingold: The new power of collaboration
https://www.ted.com/talks/pamelia_kurstin_plays_the_theremin Pamelia Kurstin: The untouchable music of the theremin
https://www.ted.com/talks/george_dyson_on_project_orion George Dyson: The story of Project Orion
https://www.ted.com/talks/moshe_safdie_on_building_uniqueness Moshe Safdie: Building uniqueness
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_jill_and_julia_show Jill Sobule + Julia Sweeney: The Jill and Julia Show
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_raspyni_brothers_juggle_and_jest Raspyni Brothers: Juggle and jest
https://www.ted.com/talks/joseph_lekuton_tells_a_parable_for_kenya Joseph Lekuton: A parable for Kenya
https://www.ted.com/talks/steve_jurvetson_on_model_rocketry Steve Jurvetson: Model rocketry
https://www.ted.com/talks/roy_gould_and_curtis_wong_preview_the_worldwide_telescope Roy Gould + Curtis Wong: A preview of the WorldWide Telescope
https://www.ted.com/talks/alan_kay_shares_a_powerful_idea_about_ideas Alan Kay: A powerful idea about ideas
https://www.ted.com/talks/craig_venter_is_on_the_verge_of_creating_synthetic_life Craig Venter: On the verge of creating synthetic life
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_negroponte_in_1984_makes_5_predictions "Nicholas Negroponte: 5 predictions, from 1984"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jill_bolte_taylor_s_powerful_stroke_of_insight Jill Bolte Taylor: My stroke of insight
https://www.ted.com/talks/frank_gehry_as_a_young_rebel Frank Gehry: My days as a young rebel
https://www.ted.com/talks/dave_eggers_makes_his_ted_prize_wish_once_upon_a_school Dave Eggers: My wish: Once Upon a School
https://www.ted.com/talks/karen_armstrong_makes_her_ted_prize_wish_the_charter_for_compassion Karen Armstrong: My wish: The Charter for Compassion
https://www.ted.com/talks/neil_turok_makes_his_ted_prize_wish Neil Turok: My wish: Find the next Einstein in Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/norman_foster_s_green_agenda Norman Foster: My green agenda for architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/christopher_decharms_scans_the_brain_in_real_time Christopher deCharms: A look inside the brain in real time
https://www.ted.com/talks/clifford_stoll_on_everything Clifford Stoll: The call to learn
https://www.ted.com/talks/rokia_traore_sings_m_bifo "Rokia Traore: ""M'Bifo"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/siegfried_woldhek_shows_how_he_found_the_true_face_of_leonardo Siegfried Woldhek: The search for the true face of Leonardo
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_hoffman_shares_his_sputnik_mania David Hoffman: Sputnik mania
https://www.ted.com/talks/jakob_trollback_rethinks_the_music_video Jakob Trollback: A new kind of music video
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_hawking_asks_big_questions_about_the_universe Stephen Hawking: Questioning the universe
https://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_s_new_thinking_on_the_climate_crisis Al Gore: New thinking on the climate crisis
https://www.ted.com/talks/johnny_lee_demos_wii_remote_hacks Johnny Lee: Free or cheap Wii Remote hacks
https://www.ted.com/talks/tod_machover_and_dan_ellsey_play_new_music Tod Machover + Dan Ellsey: Inventing instruments that unlock new music
https://www.ted.com/talks/yochai_benkler_on_the_new_open_source_economics Yochai Benkler: The new open-source economics
https://www.ted.com/talks/ernest_madu_on_world_class_health_care Ernest Madu: World-class health care
https://www.ted.com/talks/amy_tan_on_creativity Amy Tan: Where does creativity hide?
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_greene_on_string_theory Brian Greene: Making sense of string theory
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_cox_on_cern_s_supercollider Brian Cox: CERN's supercollider
https://www.ted.com/talks/they_might_be_giants_play_at_8_30_am They Might Be Giants: Wake up! It's They Might Be Giants!
https://www.ted.com/talks/hector_ruiz_on_connecting_the_world Hector Ruiz: The thinking behind 50x15
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_stamets_on_6_ways_mushrooms_can_save_the_world Paul Stamets: 6 ways mushrooms can save the world
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_ewald_asks_can_we_domesticate_germs Paul Ewald: Can we domesticate germs?
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_moschen_juggles_rhythm_and_motion Michael Moschen: Juggling as art ... and science
https://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_klein_on_the_intelligence_of_crows Joshua Klein: A thought experiment on the intelligence of crows
https://www.ted.com/talks/alisa_miller_shares_the_news_about_the_news Alisa Miller: How the news distorts our worldview
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_bittman_on_what_s_wrong_with_what_we_eat Mark Bittman: What's wrong with what we eat
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_ballard_on_exploring_the_oceans Robert Ballard: The astonishing hidden world of the deep ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/yves_behar_on_designing_objects_that_tell_stories Yves Behar: Designing objects that tell stories
https://www.ted.com/talks/arthur_ganson_makes_moving_sculpture Arthur Ganson: Moving sculpture
https://www.ted.com/talks/dr_seyi_oyesola_tours_a_hospital_in_nigeria Seyi Oyesola: A hospital tour in Nigeria
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_collier_shares_4_ways_to_help_the_bottom_billion "Paul Collier: The ""bottom billion"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_blackmore_on_memes_and_temes "Susan Blackmore: Memes and ""temes"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_myhrvold_on_archeology_animal_photography_bbq "Nathan Myhrvold: Archeology, animal photography, BBQ ..."
https://www.ted.com/talks/rokia_traore_sings_kounandi "Rokia Traore: ""Kounandi"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/wade_davis_on_the_worldwide_web_of_belief_and_ritual Wade Davis: The worldwide web of belief and ritual
https://www.ted.com/talks/murray_gell_mann_on_the_ancestor_of_language Murray Gell-Mann: The ancestor of language
https://www.ted.com/talks/george_dyson_at_the_birth_of_the_computer George Dyson: The birth of the computer
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_jordan_pictures_some_shocking_stats Chris Jordan: Turning powerful stats into art
https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_ornish_says_your_genes_are_not_your_fate Dean Ornish: Your genes are not your fate
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution Robert Full: Robots inspired by cockroach ingenuity
https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_grosser_and_his_sustainable_fridge Adam Grosser: A mobile fridge for vaccines
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_levitt_on_child_carseats Steven Levitt: Surprising stats about child carseats
https://www.ted.com/talks/benjamin_zander_on_music_and_passion Benjamin Zander: The transformative power of classical music
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_negroponte_on_one_laptop_per_child_two_years_on "Nicholas Negroponte: One Laptop per Child, two years on"
https://www.ted.com/talks/nellie_mckay_sings_clonie_1 "Nellie McKay: ""Clonie"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/sxip_shirey_at_the_breathing_place "Sxip Shirey + Rachelle Garniez: A performance with breath, music, passion"
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_diamandis_on_stephen_hawking_in_zero_g Peter Diamandis: Stephen Hawking's zero g flight
https://www.ted.com/talks/rick_smolan_tells_the_story_of_a_girl Rick Smolan: The story of a girl
https://www.ted.com/talks/raul_midon_plays_everybody_and_peace_on_earth "Raul Midon: ""Peace on Earth"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/corneille_ewango_is_a_hero_of_the_congo_forest Corneille Ewango: A hero of the Congo forest
https://www.ted.com/talks/torsten_reil_studies_biology_to_make_animation Torsten Reil: Animate characters by evolving them
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_hoffman_on_losing_everything David Hoffman: What happens when you lose everything
https://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_on_institutions_versus_collaboration Clay Shirky: Institutions vs. collaboration
https://www.ted.com/talks/nellie_mckay_sings_feminists_and_if_i_had_you "Nellie McKay: ""Mother of Pearl,"" ""If I Had You"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/freeman_dyson_says_let_s_look_for_life_in_the_outer_solar_system Freeman Dyson: Let's look for life in the outer solar system
https://www.ted.com/talks/helen_fisher_studies_the_brain_in_love Helen Fisher: The brain in love
https://www.ted.com/talks/billy_graham_on_technology_faith_and_suffering Billy Graham: On technology and faith
https://www.ted.com/talks/a_j_jacobs_year_of_living_biblically AJ Jacobs: My year of living biblically
https://www.ted.com/talks/keith_barry_does_brain_magic Keith Barry: Brain magic
https://www.ted.com/talks/martin_seligman_on_the_state_of_psychology Martin Seligman: The new era of positive psychology
https://www.ted.com/talks/marisa_fick_jordan_shares_the_wonder_of_zulu_wire_art Marisa Fick-Jordan: The wonder of Zulu wire art
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_abani_muses_on_humanity Chris Abani: On humanity
https://www.ted.com/talks/louise_leakey_digs_for_humanity_s_origins Louise Leakey: A dig for humanity's origins
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_harris_collects_stories Jonathan Harris: The web as art
https://www.ted.com/talks/reed_kroloff_on_modern_and_romantic_architecture Reed Kroloff: A tour of modern architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_kelly_on_the_next_5_000_days_of_the_web "Kevin Kelly: The next 5,000 days of the web"
https://www.ted.com/talks/kwabena_boahen_on_a_computer_that_works_like_the_brain Kwabena Boahen: A computer that works like the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_lang_folds_way_new_origami Robert Lang: The math and magic of origami
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruno_bowden_folds_while_rufus_cappadocia_plays Bruno Bowden + Rufus Cappadocia: Blindfold origami and cello
https://www.ted.com/talks/patricia_burchat_leads_a_search_for_dark_energy Patricia Burchat: Shedding light on dark matter
https://www.ted.com/talks/spencer_wells_is_building_a_family_tree_for_all_humanity Spencer Wells: A family tree for humanity
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_griffin_on_how_photography_connects David Griffin: How photography connects us
https://www.ted.com/talks/lennart_green_does_close_up_card_magic Lennart Green: Close-up card magic with a twist
https://www.ted.com/talks/ian_dunbar_on_dog_friendly_dog_training Ian Dunbar: Dog-friendly dog training
https://www.ted.com/talks/nellie_mckay_sings_the_dog_song "Nellie McKay: ""The Dog Song"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_walker_re_creates_great_performances "John Q. Walker: Great piano performances, recreated"
https://www.ted.com/talks/sugata_mitra_shows_how_kids_teach_themselves Sugata Mitra: Kids can teach themselves
https://www.ted.com/talks/ory_okolloh_on_becoming_an_activist Ory Okolloh: How I became an activist
https://www.ted.com/talks/einstein_the_parrot_talks_and_squawks "Einstein the Parrot: A talking, squawking parrot"
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_rothemund_details_dna_folding "Paul Rothemund: DNA folding, in detail"
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_diamandis_on_our_next_giant_leap Peter Diamandis: Our next giant leap
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_hirshberg_on_tv_and_the_web "Peter Hirshberg: The web is more than ""better TV"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_drori_on_what_we_think_we_know Jonathan Drori: What we think we know
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_goodall_at_tedglobal_07 Jane Goodall: How humans and animals can live together
https://www.ted.com/talks/irwin_redlener_warns_of_nuclear_terrorism Irwin Redlener: How to survive a nuclear attack
https://www.ted.com/talks/brewster_kahle_builds_a_free_digital_library Brewster Kahle: A free digital library
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_gallo_on_life_in_the_deep_oceans David Gallo: Life in the deep oceans
https://www.ted.com/talks/carmen_agra_deedy_spins_stories "Carmen Agra Deedy: Once upon a time, my mother ..."
https://www.ted.com/talks/keith_bellows_on_the_camel_s_hump Keith Bellows: The camel's hump
https://www.ted.com/talks/ann_cooper_talks_school_lunches Ann Cooper: What's wrong with school lunches
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_haidt_on_the_moral_mind Jonathan Haidt: The moral roots of liberals and conservatives
https://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_on_security Eve Ensler: What security means to me
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_s_rose_on_pitching_to_vcs David S. Rose: How to pitch to a VC
https://www.ted.com/talks/marvin_minsky_on_health_and_the_human_mind Marvin Minsky: Health and the human mind
https://www.ted.com/talks/philip_zimbardo_on_the_psychology_of_evil Philip Zimbardo: The psychology of evil
https://www.ted.com/talks/laura_trice_suggests_we_all_say_thank_you Laura Trice: Remember to say thank you
https://www.ted.com/talks/caleb_chung_plays_with_pleo "Caleb Chung: Playtime with Pleo, your robotic dinosaur friend"
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_pinker_chalks_it_up_to_the_blank_slate Steven Pinker: Human nature and the blank slate
https://www.ted.com/talks/rodney_brooks_on_robots Rodney Brooks: Robots will invade our lives
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefan_sagmeister_on_what_he_has_learned Stefan Sagmeister: Things I've learned in my life so far
https://www.ted.com/talks/noah_feldman_says_politics_and_religion_are_technologies Noah Feldman: Politics and religion are technologies
https://www.ted.com/talks/liz_diller_plays_with_architecture Liz Diller: The Blur Building and other tech-empowered architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_nachtwey_fights_xdrtb James Nachtwey: Moving photos of extreme drug-resistant TB
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_perry_on_videogames David Perry: Are games better than life?
https://www.ted.com/talks/doris_kearns_goodwin_on_learning_from_past_presidents Doris Kearns Goodwin: Lessons from past presidents
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_johnson_on_the_web_as_a_city Steven Johnson: The Web as a city
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_burchfield_plays_invisible_turntables James Burchfield: Playing invisible turntables
https://www.ted.com/talks/garrett_lisi_on_his_theory_of_everything Garrett Lisi: An 8-dimensional model of the universe
https://www.ted.com/talks/paola_antonelli_previews_design_and_the_elastic_mind Paola Antonelli: Design and the Elastic Mind
https://www.ted.com/talks/virginia_postrel_on_glamour Virginia Postrel: On glamour
https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_ornish_on_healing Dean Ornish: Healing through diet
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_hodgman_s_brief_digression "John Hodgman: Aliens, love -- where are they?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_maccready_on_nature_vs_humans Paul MacCready: Nature vs. humans
https://www.ted.com/talks/mihaly_csikszentmihalyi_on_flow "Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi: Flow, the secret to happiness"
https://www.ted.com/talks/kristen_ashburn_s_heart_rending_pictures_of_aids Kristen Ashburn: The face of AIDS in Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/jared_diamond_on_why_societies_collapse Jared Diamond: Why do societies collapse?
https://www.ted.com/talks/rives_tells_a_story_of_mixed_emoticons Rives: A story of mixed emoticons
https://www.ted.com/talks/toys_from_the_future Zach Kaplan + Keith Schacht: Toys and materials from the future
https://www.ted.com/talks/newton_aduaka_tells_the_story_of_ezra Newton Aduaka: The story of Ezra
https://www.ted.com/talks/jackie_tabick Jackie Tabick: The balancing act of compassion
https://www.ted.com/talks/swami_dayananda_saraswati Dayananda Saraswati: The profound journey of compassion
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_forbes James Forbes: Compassion at the dinner table
https://www.ted.com/talks/imam_feisal_abdul_rauf "Feisal Abdul Rauf: Lose your ego, find your compassion"
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_thurman_on_compassion Robert Thurman: Expanding your circle of compassion
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_wright_the_evolution_of_compassion Robert Wright: The evolution of compassion
https://www.ted.com/talks/graham_hawkes_flies_through_the_ocean Graham Hawkes: A flight through the ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_surowiecki_on_the_turning_point_for_social_media James Surowiecki: The power and the danger of online crowds
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_francis_walks_the_earth John Francis: Walk the earth ... my 17-year vow of silence
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_brown_on_creativity_and_play Tim Brown: Tales of creativity and play
https://www.ted.com/talks/luca_turin_on_the_science_of_scent Luca Turin: The science of scent
https://www.ted.com/talks/lee_smolin_on_science_and_democracy Lee Smolin: Science and democracy
https://www.ted.com/talks/samantha_power_on_a_complicated_hero Samantha Power: A complicated hero in the war on dictatorship
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_elachi_on_the_mars_rovers Charles Elachi: The story behind the Mars Rovers
https://www.ted.com/talks/ursus_wehrli_tidies_up_art Ursus Wehrli: Tidying up art
https://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_on_the_long_now Stewart Brand: The Long Now
https://www.ted.com/talks/isaac_mizrahi_on_fashion_and_creativity Isaac Mizrahi: Fashion and creativity
https://www.ted.com/talks/franco_sacchi_on_nollywood "Franco Sacchi: A tour of Nollywood, Nigeria's booming film industry"
https://www.ted.com/talks/george_smoot_on_the_design_of_the_universe George Smoot: The design of the universe
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_joy_muses_on_what_s_next "Bill Joy: What I'm worried about, what I'm excited about"
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_barber_s_surprising_foie_gras_parable Dan Barber: A foie gras parable
https://www.ted.com/talks/andy_hobsbawm_says_do_the_green_thing Andy Hobsbawm: Do the green thing
https://www.ted.com/talks/gregory_petsko_on_the_coming_neurological_epidemic Gregory Petsko: The coming neurological epidemic
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_preston_on_the_giant_trees Richard Preston: The mysterious lives of giant trees
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_inspiration_of_second_life Philip Rosedale: Life in Second Life
https://www.ted.com/talks/reinventing_the_car Larry Burns: The future of cars
https://www.ted.com/talks/nick_sears_demos_the_orb Nick Sears: Demo: The Orb
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_holt_plays_mountain_music David Holt: The joyful tradition of mountain music
https://www.ted.com/talks/eva_zeisel_on_the_playful_search_for_beauty Eva Zeisel: The playful search for beauty
https://www.ted.com/talks/dennis_vanengelsdorp_a_plea_for_bees Dennis vanEngelsdorp: A plea for bees
https://www.ted.com/talks/jay_walker_s_library_of_human_imagination Jay Walker: My library of human imagination
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_gilbert_researches_happiness Dan Gilbert: Why we make bad decisions
https://www.ted.com/talks/benjamin_wallace_on_the_price_of_happiness Benjamin Wallace: The price of happiness
https://www.ted.com/talks/penelope_boston Penelope Boston: There might just be life on Mars
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync Steven Strogatz: The science of sync
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_negroponte_takes_olpc_to_colombia Nicholas Negroponte: Taking OLPC to Colombia
https://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_8_lee_looks_for_general_tso Jennifer 8. Lee: The hunt for General Tso
https://www.ted.com/talks/kary_mullis_on_what_scientists_do Kary Mullis: Play! Experiment! Discover!
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_maeda_on_design John Maeda: My journey in design
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_sereno_digs_up_dinosaurs Paul Sereno: Digging up dinosaurs
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_moller_on_the_skycar Paul Moller: My dream of a flying car
https://www.ted.com/talks/greg_lynn_on_organic_design Greg Lynn: Organic algorithms in architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/rob_forbes_on_ways_of_seeing Rob Forbes: Ways of seeing
https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_mccloud_on_comics Scott McCloud: The visual magic of comics
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_reinhart_on_bread Peter Reinhart: The art and craft of bread
https://www.ted.com/talks/joseph_pine_on_what_consumers_want Joseph Pine: What consumers want
https://www.ted.com/talks/paula_scher_gets_serious "Paula Scher: Great design is serious, not solemn"
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_carson_on_design David Carson: Design and discovery
https://www.ted.com/talks/jamais_cascio_looks_ahead Jamais Cascio: Tools for a better world
https://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schuler_genomics_101 Barry Schuler: Genomics 101
https://www.ted.com/talks/sherwin_nuland_on_hope Sherwin Nuland: The extraordinary power of ordinary people
https://www.ted.com/talks/woody_norris_invents_amazing_things Woody Norris: Hypersonic sound and other inventions
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_ward_on_mass_extinctions Peter Ward: A theory of Earth's mass extinctions
https://www.ted.com/talks/aimee_mullins_on_running Aimee Mullins: Changing my legs - and my mindset
https://www.ted.com/talks/joe_derisi_hunts_the_next_killer_virus Joe DeRisi: Solving medical mysteries
https://www.ted.com/talks/natalie_macmaster_and_donnell_leahy_play_the_cape_breton_fiddle Natalie MacMaster: Fiddling in reel time
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_gross_on_new_energy Bill Gross: A solar energy system that tracks the sun
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_gates_unplugged "Bill Gates: Mosquitos, malaria and education"
https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_gilbert_on_genius Elizabeth Gilbert: Your elusive creative genius
https://www.ted.com/talks/milton_glaser_on_using_design_to_make_ideas_new Milton Glaser: Using design to make ideas new
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_merrill_demos_siftables_the_smart_blocks David Merrill: Toy tiles that talk to each other
https://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_on_our_loss_of_wisdom Barry Schwartz: Our loss of wisdom
https://www.ted.com/talks/juan_enriquez_shares_mindboggling_new_science Juan Enriquez: The next species of human
https://www.ted.com/talks/jose_abreu_on_kids_transformed_by_music JosÌ© Antonio Abreu: The El Sistema music revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/astonishing_performance_by_a_venezuelan_youth_orchestra_1 Gustavo Dudamel and the Teresa CarreÌ±o Youth Orchestra: El Sistema's top youth orchestra
https://www.ted.com/talks/sylvia_earle_s_ted_prize_wish_to_protect_our_oceans Sylvia Earle: My wish: Protect our oceans
https://www.ted.com/talks/jill_tarter_s_call_to_join_the_seti_search Jill Tarter: Join the SETI search
https://www.ted.com/talks/ed_ulbrich_shows_how_benjamin_button_got_his_face Ed Ulbrich: How Benjamin Button got his face
https://www.ted.com/talks/capt_charles_moore_on_the_seas_of_plastic Charles Moore: Seas of plastic
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_pyle_dives_the_twilight_zone Richard Pyle: A dive into the reef's Twilight Zone
https://www.ted.com/talks/miru_kim_s_underground_art Miru Kim: My underground art explorations
https://www.ted.com/talks/evan_williams_on_listening_to_twitter_users Evan Williams: The voices of Twitter users
https://www.ted.com/talks/brenda_laurel_on_making_games_for_girls Brenda Laurel: Why not make video games for girls?
https://www.ted.com/talks/willie_smits_restores_a_rainforest Willie Smits: How to restore a rainforest
https://www.ted.com/talks/nalini_nadkani_on_conserving_the_canopy Nalini Nadkarni: Conserving the canopy
https://www.ted.com/talks/mike_rowe_celebrates_dirty_jobs Mike Rowe: Learning from dirty jobs
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_lewis_strikes_chords_to_rock_the_jazz_world Eric Lewis: Piano jazz that rocks
https://www.ted.com/talks/don_norman_on_design_and_emotion Don Norman: 3 ways good design makes you happy
https://www.ted.com/talks/pattie_maes_demos_the_sixth_sense Pattie Maes + Pranav Mistry: Meet the SixthSense interaction
https://www.ted.com/talks/aimee_mullins_prosthetic_aesthetics Aimee Mullins: My 12 pairs of legs
https://www.ted.com/talks/stuart_brown_says_play_is_more_than_fun_it_s_vital Stuart Brown: Play is more than just fun
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_berners_lee_on_the_next_web Tim Berners-Lee: The next web
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_dennett_cute_sexy_sweet_funny "Dan Dennett: Cute, sexy, sweet, funny"
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_on_our_buggy_moral_code Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code
https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_savage_s_obsessions Adam Savage: My obsession with objects and the stories they tell
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruce_mccall_s_faux_nostalgia Bruce McCall: What is retro-futurism?
https://www.ted.com/talks/kamal_meattle_on_how_to_grow_your_own_fresh_air Kamal Meattle: How to grow fresh air
https://www.ted.com/talks/saul_griffith_on_kites_as_the_future_of_renewable_energy Saul Griffith: High-altitude wind energy from kites!
https://www.ted.com/talks/jacqueline_novogratz_on_an_escape_from_poverty Jacqueline Novogratz: An escape from poverty
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_pogue_on_cool_phone_tricks David Pogue: Cool tricks your phone can do
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_wooden_on_the_difference_between_winning_and_success John Wooden: The difference between winning and succeeding
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_wolfe_hunts_for_the_next_aids Nathan Wolfe: The jungle search for viruses
https://www.ted.com/talks/c_k_williams_reads_poetry_of_youth_and_age C.K. Williams: Poetry of youth and age
https://www.ted.com/talks/jacek_utko_asks_can_design_save_the_newspaper Jacek Utko: Can design save newspapers?
https://www.ted.com/talks/ueli_gegenschatz_extreme_wingsuit_jumping Ueli Gegenschatz: Extreme wingsuit flying
https://www.ted.com/talks/christopher_deam_restyles_the_airstream "Christopher C. Deam: The Airstream, restyled"
https://www.ted.com/talks/pw_singer_on_robots_of_war P.W. Singer: Military robots and the future of war
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathaniel_kahn_on_my_architect "Nathaniel Kahn: Scenes from ""My Architect"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruce_bueno_de_mesquita_predicts_iran_s_future Bruce Bueno de Mesquita: A prediction for the future of Iran
https://www.ted.com/talks/bonnie_bassler_on_how_bacteria_communicate "Bonnie Bassler: How bacteria ""talk"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/emily_levine_s_theory_of_everything Emily Levine: A theory of everything
https://www.ted.com/talks/renny_gleeson_on_antisocial_phone_tricks Renny Gleeson: Our antisocial phone tricks
https://www.ted.com/talks/shai_agassi_on_electric_cars Shai Agassi: A new ecosystem for electric cars
https://www.ted.com/talks/gregory_stock_to_upgrade_is_human Gregory Stock: To upgrade is human
https://www.ted.com/talks/joann_kuchera_morin_tours_the_allosphere JoAnn Kuchera-Morin: Stunning data visualization in the AlloSphere
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_ferriss_smash_fear_learn_anything "Tim Ferriss: Smash fear, learn anything"
https://www.ted.com/talks/matthew_childs_9_rules_of_rock_climbing Matthew Childs: 9 life lessons from rock climbing
https://www.ted.com/talks/margaret_wertheim_crochets_the_coral_reef Margaret Wertheim: The beautiful math of coral
https://www.ted.com/talks/niels_diffrient_rethinks_the_way_we_sit_at_work Niels Diffrient: Rethinking the way we sit down
https://www.ted.com/talks/erik_hersman_on_reporting_crisis_via_texting Erik Hersman: Reporting crisis via texting
https://www.ted.com/talks/nate_silver_on_race_and_politics Nate Silver: Does racism affect how you vote?
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_katchor_s_comics_of_old_new_york Ben Katchor: Comics of bygone New York
https://www.ted.com/talks/alex_tabarrok_foresees_economic_growth Alex Tabarrok: How ideas trump crises
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_merzenich_on_the_elastic_brain Michael Merzenich: Growing evidence of brain plasticity
https://www.ted.com/talks/sarah_jones_as_a_one_woman_global_village Sarah Jones: A one-woman global village
https://www.ted.com/talks/laurie_garrett_on_lessons_from_the_1918_flu Laurie Garrett: Lessons from the 1918 flu
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_cox_what_went_wrong_at_the_lhc Brian Cox: What went wrong at the LHC
https://www.ted.com/talks/sean_gourley_on_the_mathematics_of_war Sean Gourley: The mathematics of war
https://www.ted.com/talks/mae_jemison_on_teaching_arts_and_sciences_together Mae Jemison: Teach arts and sciences together
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_shannon_s_magnetic_sculpture Tom Shannon: Anti-gravity sculpture
https://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_warns_on_latest_climate_trends Al Gore: What comes after An Inconvenient Truth?
https://www.ted.com/talks/louise_fresco_on_feeding_the_whole_world Louise Fresco: We need to feed the whole world
https://www.ted.com/talks/seth_godin_on_the_tribes_we_lead Seth Godin: The tribes we lead
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_lewis_plays_chaos_and_harmony Eric Lewis: Chaos and harmony on piano
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_the_truth_about_hiv "Hans Rosling: Insights on HIV, in stunning data visuals"
https://www.ted.com/talks/nandan_nilekani_s_ideas_for_india_s_future Nandan Nilekani: Ideas for India's future
https://www.ted.com/talks/naturally_7_jams_fly_baby_with_an_orchestra_of_vocals Naturally 7: A full-band beatbox
https://www.ted.com/talks/ray_anderson_on_the_business_logic_of_sustainability Ray Anderson: The business logic of sustainability
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_asks_are_we_in_control_of_our_own_decisions Dan Ariely: Are we in control of our own decisions?
https://www.ted.com/talks/mary_roach_10_things_you_didn_t_know_about_orgasm Mary Roach: 10 things you didn't know about orgasm
https://www.ted.com/talks/carolyn_porco_could_a_saturn_moon_harbor_life Carolyn Porco: Could a Saturn moon harbor life?
https://www.ted.com/talks/yves_behar_s_supercharged_motorcycle_design Yves Behar: A supercharged motorcycle design
https://www.ted.com/talks/joachim_de_posada_says_don_t_eat_the_marshmallow_yet Joachim de Posada: Don't eat the marshmallow!
https://www.ted.com/talks/jay_walker_on_the_world_s_english_mania Jay Walker: The world's English mania
https://www.ted.com/talks/michelle_obama "Michelle Obama: A passionate, personal case for education"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_drori_why_we_re_storing_billions_of_seeds Jonathan Drori: Why we're storing billions of seeds
https://www.ted.com/talks/kaki_king_rocks_out_to_pink_noise "Kaki King: Playing ""Pink Noise"" on guitar"
https://www.ted.com/talks/liz_coleman_s_call_to_reinvent_liberal_arts_education Liz Coleman: A call to reinvent liberal arts education
https://www.ted.com/talks/ray_kurzweil_announces_singularity_university Ray Kurzweil: A university for the coming singularity
https://www.ted.com/talks/yann_arthus_bertrand_captures_fragile_earth_in_wide_angle Yann Arthus-Bertrand: A wide-angle view of fragile Earth
https://www.ted.com/talks/publisher_felix_dennis_odes_to_vice_and_consequences Felix Dennis: Odes to vice and consequences
https://www.ted.com/talks/pete_alcorn_s_vision_of_a_better_world Pete Alcorn: The world in 2200
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_la_grou_plugs_smart_power_outlets_1 John La Grou: A plug for smart power outlets
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_surace_fixing_drywall_to_heal_the_planet Kevin Surace: Eco-friendly drywall
https://www.ted.com/talks/nancy_etcoff_on_happiness_and_why_we_want_it Nancy Etcoff: Happiness and its surprises
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_learning_from_the_gecko_s_tail Robert Full: Learning from the gecko's tail
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_st_john_success_is_a_continuous_journey Richard St. John: Success is a continuous journey
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_poynter_life_in_biosphere_2 Jane Poynter: Life in Biosphere 2
https://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_how_cellphones_twitter_facebook_can_make_history Clay Shirky: How social media can make history
https://www.ted.com/talks/ex_moonie_diane_benscoter_how_cults_think Diane Benscoter: How cults rewire the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/catherine_mohr_surgery_s_past_present_and_robotic_future "Catherine Mohr: Surgery's past, present and robotic future"
https://www.ted.com/talks/qi_zhang_s_electrifying_organ_performance Qi Zhang: An electrifying organ performance
https://www.ted.com/talks/philip_zimbardo_prescribes_a_healthy_take_on_time Philip Zimbardo: The psychology of time
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_collier_s_new_rules_for_rebuilding_a_broken_nation Paul Collier: New rules for rebuilding a broken nation
https://www.ted.com/talks/katherine_fulton_you_are_the_future_of_philanthropy Katherine Fulton: You are the future of philanthropy
https://www.ted.com/talks/ray_zahab_treks_to_the_south_pole Ray Zahab: My trek to the South Pole
https://www.ted.com/talks/arthur_benjamin_s_formula_for_changing_math_education Arthur Benjamin: Teach statistics before calculus!
https://www.ted.com/talks/gever_tulley_s_tinkering_school_in_action Gever Tulley: Life lessons through tinkering
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_libeskind_s_17_words_of_architectural_inspiration Daniel Libeskind: 17 words of architectural inspiration
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_design_genius_of_charles_and_ray_eames Eames Demetrios: The design genius of Charles + Ray Eames
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_wujec_on_3_ways_the_brain_creates_meaning Tom Wujec: 3 ways the brain creates meaning
https://www.ted.com/talks/sophal_ear_escaping_the_khmer_rouge Sophal Ear: Escaping the Khmer Rouge
https://www.ted.com/talks/kary_mullis_next_gen_cure_for_killer_infections Kary Mullis: A next-gen cure for killer infections
https://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_proclaims_4_environmental_heresies Stewart Brand: 4 environmental 'heresies'
https://www.ted.com/talks/olafur_eliasson_playing_with_space_and_light Olafur Eliasson: Playing with space and light
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_kraft_invents_a_better_way_to_harvest_bone_marrow Daniel Kraft: A better way to harvest bone marrow
https://www.ted.com/talks/jim_fallon_exploring_the_mind_of_a_killer Jim Fallon: Exploring the mind of a killer
https://www.ted.com/talks/nina_jablonski_breaks_the_illusion_of_skin_color Nina Jablonski: Skin color is an illusion
https://www.ted.com/talks/gordon_brown Gordon Brown: Wiring a web for global good
https://www.ted.com/talks/alain_de_botton_a_kinder_gentler_philosophy_of_success "Alain de Botton: A kinder, gentler philosophy of success"
https://www.ted.com/talks/golan_levin_ted2009 Golan Levin: Art that looks back at you
https://www.ted.com/talks/elaine_morgan_says_we_evolved_from_aquatic_apes Elaine Morgan: I believe we evolved from aquatic apes
https://www.ted.com/talks/willard_wigan_hold_your_breath_for_micro_sculpture Willard Wigan: Hold your breath for micro-sculpture
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_pritchard_invents_a_water_filter Michael Pritchard: How to make filthy water drinkable
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_romer Paul Romer: Why the world needs charter cities
https://www.ted.com/talks/janine_benyus_biomimicry_in_action Janine Benyus: Biomimicry in action
https://www.ted.com/talks/emmanuel_jal_the_music_of_a_war_child Emmanuel Jal: The music of a war child
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_pink_on_motivation Dan Pink: The puzzle of motivation
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_giler_demos_wireless_electricity Eric Giler: A demo of wireless electricity
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_at_state Hans Rosling: Let my dataset change your mindset
https://www.ted.com/talks/natasha_tsakos_multimedia_theatrical_adventure Natasha Tsakos: A multimedia theatrical adventure
https://www.ted.com/talks/cary_fowler_one_seed_at_a_time_protecting_the_future_of_food "Cary Fowler: One seed at a time, protecting the future of food"
https://www.ted.com/talks/josh_silver_demos_adjustable_liquid_filled_eyeglasses Joshua Silver: Adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses
https://www.ted.com/talks/geoff_mulgan_post_crash_investing_in_a_better_world_1 "Geoff Mulgan: Post-crash, investing in a better world"
https://www.ted.com/talks/evan_grant_cymatics Evan Grant: Making sound visible through cymatics
https://www.ted.com/talks/steve_truglia_a_leap_from_the_edge_of_space Steve Truglia: A leap from the edge of space
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_balog_time_lapse_proof_of_extreme_ice_loss James Balog: Time-lapse proof of extreme ice loss
https://www.ted.com/talks/lewis_pugh_swims_the_north_pole Lewis Pugh: How I swam the North Pole
https://www.ted.com/talks/rebecca_saxe_how_brains_make_moral_judgments Rebecca Saxe: How we read each other's minds
https://www.ted.com/talks/vishal_vaid_s_hypnotic_song Vishal Vaid: Hypnotic South Asian improv music
https://www.ted.com/talks/misha_glenny_investigates_global_crime_networks Misha Glenny: How global crime networks work
https://www.ted.com/talks/bjarke_ingels_3_warp_speed_architecture_tales Bjarke Ingels: 3 warp-speed architecture tales
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_lloyd_inventories_the_invisible John Lloyd: An inventory of the invisible
https://www.ted.com/talks/oliver_sacks_what_hallucination_reveals_about_our_minds Oliver Sacks: What hallucination reveals about our minds
https://www.ted.com/talks/imogen_heap_wait "Imogen Heap: ""Wait It Out"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_zittrain_the_web_is_a_random_act_of_kindness Jonathan Zittrain: The Web as random acts of kindness
https://www.ted.com/talks/evgeny_morozov_is_the_internet_what_orwell_feared Evgeny Morozov: How the Net aids dictatorships
https://www.ted.com/talks/william_kamkwamba_how_i_harnessed_the_wind William Kamkwamba: How I harnessed the wind
https://www.ted.com/talks/taryn_simon_photographs_secret_sites Taryn Simon: Photographs of secret sites
https://www.ted.com/talks/jacqueline_novogratz_a_third_way_to_think_about_aid Jacqueline Novogratz: A third way to think about aid
https://www.ted.com/talks/parag_khanna_maps_the_future_of_countries Parag Khanna: Mapping the future of countries
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_brown_urges_designers_to_think_big Tim Brown: Designers -- think big!
https://www.ted.com/talks/karen_armstrong_let_s_revive_the_golden_rule Karen Armstrong: Let's revive the Golden Rule
https://www.ted.com/talks/garik_israelian_what_s_inside_a_star Garik Israelian: How spectroscopy could reveal alien life
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefan_sagmeister_the_power_of_time_off Stefan Sagmeister: The power of time off
https://www.ted.com/talks/carolyn_steel_how_food_shapes_our_cities Carolyn Steel: How food shapes our cities
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_logan_on_tribal_leadership David Logan: Tribal leadership
https://www.ted.com/talks/chimamanda_adichie_the_danger_of_a_single_story Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie: The danger of a single story
https://www.ted.com/talks/beau_lotto_optical_illusions_show_how_we_see Beau Lotto: Optical illusions show how we see
https://www.ted.com/talks/sam_martin_builds_a_room_of_his_own "Sam Martin: Claim your ""manspace"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_sanderson_pictures_new_york_before_the_city Eric Sanderson: New York -- before the City
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_hanson_robots_that_relate_to_you "David Hanson: Robots that ""show emotion"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/rory_sutherland_life_lessons_from_an_ad_man Rory Sutherland: Life lessons from an ad man
https://www.ted.com/talks/henry_markram_supercomputing_the_brain_s_secrets Henry Markram: A brain in a supercomputer
https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_treasure_the_4_ways_sound_affects_us Julian Treasure: The 4 ways sound affects us
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_gerzema_the_post_crisis_consumer John Gerzema: The post-crisis consumer
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_debevec_animates_a_photo_real_digital_face Paul Debevec: Animating a photo-real digital face
https://www.ted.com/talks/itay_talgam_lead_like_the_great_conductors Itay Talgam: Lead like the great conductors
https://www.ted.com/talks/marc_koska_the_devastating_toll_of_syringe_reuse Marc Koska: 1.3m reasons to re-invent the syringe
https://www.ted.com/talks/ian_goldin_navigating_our_global_future Ian Goldin: Navigating our global future
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_deutsch_a_new_way_to_explain_explanation David Deutsch: A new way to explain explanation
https://www.ted.com/talks/rachel_armstrong_architecture_that_repairs_itself Rachel Armstrong: Architecture that repairs itself?
https://www.ted.com/talks/becky_blanton_the_year_i_was_homeless Becky  Blanton: The year I was homeless
https://www.ted.com/talks/marcus_du_sautoy_symmetry_reality_s_riddle "Marcus du Sautoy: Symmetry, reality's riddle"
https://www.ted.com/talks/matthew_white_gives_the_euphonium_a_new_voice Matthew White: The modern euphonium
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefana_broadbent_how_the_internet_enables_intimacy Stefana Broadbent: How the Internet enables intimacy
https://www.ted.com/talks/cameron_sinclair_the_refugees_of_boom_and_bust Cameron Sinclair: The refugees of boom-and-bust
https://www.ted.com/talks/rachel_pike_the_science_behind_a_climate_headline Rachel Pike: The science behind a climate headline
https://www.ted.com/talks/edward_burtynsky_photographs_the_landscape_of_oil Edward Burtynsky: Photographing the landscape of oil
https://www.ted.com/talks/cynthia_schneider_the_surprising_spread_of_idol_tv Cynthia Schneider: The surprising spread of Idol TV
https://www.ted.com/talks/pranav_mistry_the_thrilling_potential_of_sixthsense_technology Pranav Mistry: The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology
https://www.ted.com/talks/mathieu_lehanneur_demos_science_inspired_design Mathieu Lehanneur: Science-inspired design
https://www.ted.com/talks/fields_wicker_miurin_learning_from_leadership_s_missing_manual Fields Wicker-Miurin: Learning from leadership's missing manual
https://www.ted.com/talks/devdutt_pattanaik Devdutt Pattanaik: East vs. West -- the myths that mystify
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_wujec_demos_the_13th_century_astrolabe Tom Wujec: Learn to use the 13th-century astrolabe
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_asia_s_rise_how_and_when Hans Rosling: Asia's rise -- how and when
https://www.ted.com/talks/rob_hopkins_transition_to_a_world_without_oil Rob Hopkins: Transition to a world without oil
https://www.ted.com/talks/magnus_larsson_turning_dunes_into_architecture Magnus Larsson: Turning dunes into architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/mallika_sarabhai Mallika Sarabhai: Dance to change the world
https://www.ted.com/talks/shashi_tharoor Shashi Tharoor: Why nations should pursue soft power
https://www.ted.com/talks/gordon_brown_on_global_ethic_vs_national_interest Gordon Brown: Global ethic vs. national interest
https://www.ted.com/talks/andrea_ghez_the_hunt_for_a_supermassive_black_hole Andrea Ghez: The hunt for a supermassive black hole
https://www.ted.com/talks/anupam_mishra_the_ancient_ingenuity_of_water_harvesting Anupam Mishra: The ancient ingenuity of water harvesting
https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles Scott Kim: The art of puzzles
https://www.ted.com/talks/sunitha_krishnan_tedindia Sunitha Krishnan: The fight against sex slavery
https://www.ted.com/talks/rory_bremner_s_one_man_world_summit Rory  Bremner: A one-man world summit
https://www.ted.com/talks/marc_pachter_the_art_of_the_interview Marc Pachter: The art of the interview
https://www.ted.com/talks/thulasiraj_ravilla_how_low_cost_eye_care_can_be_world_class Thulasiraj Ravilla: How low-cost eye care can be world-class
https://www.ted.com/talks/shereen_el_feki_pop_culture_in_the_arab_world Shereen El Feki: Pop culture in the Arab world
https://www.ted.com/talks/loretta_napoleoni_the_intricate_economics_of_terrorism Loretta Napoleoni: The intricate economics of terrorism
https://www.ted.com/talks/ryan_lobo_through_the_lens_of_compassion Ryan Lobo: Photographing the hidden story
https://www.ted.com/talks/alexis_ohanian_how_to_make_a_splash_in_social_media Alexis Ohanian: How to make a splash in social media
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_anderson_discovers_dragonflies_that_cross_oceans Charles Anderson: Dragonflies that fly across oceans
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_geary_metaphorically_speaking James Geary: Metaphorically speaking
https://www.ted.com/talks/shaffi_mather_a_new_way_to_fight_corruption Shaffi Mather: A new way to fight corruption
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_cowley_fusion_is_energy_s_future Steven  Cowley: Fusion is energy's future
https://www.ted.com/talks/asher_hasan_s_message_of_peace_from_pakistan Asher Hasan: My message of peace from Pakistan
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_sandel_what_s_the_right_thing_to_do Michael Sandel: What's the right thing to do?
https://www.ted.com/talks/cat_laine_engineering_a_better_life_for_all Cat Laine: Engineering a better life for all
https://www.ted.com/talks/bertrand_piccard_s_solar_powered_adventure Bertrand Piccard: My solar-powered adventure
https://www.ted.com/talks/vs_ramachandran_the_neurons_that_shaped_civilization Vilayanur Ramachandran: The neurons that shaped civilization
https://www.ted.com/talks/nick_veasey_exposing_the_invisible_1 Nick Veasey: Exposing the invisible
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_buettner_how_to_live_to_be_100 Dan Buettner: How to live to be 100+
https://www.ted.com/talks/romulus_whitaker_the_real_danger_lurking_in_the_water Romulus Whitaker: The real danger lurking in the water
https://www.ted.com/talks/herbie_hancock_s_all_star_set Herbie Hancock: An all-star set
https://www.ted.com/talks/randy_pausch_really_achieving_your_childhood_dreams Randy Pausch: Really achieving your childhood dreams
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_sapolsky_the_uniqueness_of_humans Robert Sapolsky: The uniqueness of humans
https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_weinstein_what_bernie_madoff_couldn_t_steal_from_me Matt Weinstein: What Bernie Madoff couldn't steal from me
https://www.ted.com/talks/kartick_satyanarayan_how_we_rescued_the_dancing_bears "Kartick Satyanarayan: How we rescued the ""dancing"" bears"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/kiran_bir_sethi_teaches_kids_to_take_charge "Kiran Sethi: Kids, take charge"
https://www.ted.com/talks/lalitesh_katragadda_making_maps_to_fight_disaster_build_economies "Lalitesh Katragadda: Making maps to fight disaster, build economies"
https://www.ted.com/talks/edwidge_danticat_stories_of_haiti Edwidge Danticat: Stories of Haiti
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_fleischer_insists_all_things_are_moleeds Charles Fleischer: All things are Moleeds
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_blaine_how_i_held_my_breath_for_17_min David Blaine: How I held my breath for 17 minutes
https://www.ted.com/talks/ravin_agrawal_10_young_indian_artists_to_watch Ravin Agrawal: 10 young Indian artists to watch
https://www.ted.com/talks/anthony_atala_growing_organs_engineering_tissue Anthony Atala: Growing new organs
https://www.ted.com/talks/sivamani_rhythm_is_everything_everywhere "Sivamani: Rhythm is everything, everywhere"
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_dawkins_growing_up_in_the_universe Richard Dawkins: Growing up in the universe
https://www.ted.com/talks/taylor_mali_what_teachers_make Taylor Mali: What teachers make
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_davenhall_your_health_depends_on_where_you_live Bill Davenhall: Your health depends on where you live
https://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_prince_ramus_building_a_theater_that_remakes_itself Joshua Prince-Ramus: Building a theater that remakes itself
https://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl Eve Ensler: Embrace your inner girl
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_chen_a_warm_embrace_that_saves_lives Jane Chen: A warm embrace that saves lives
https://www.ted.com/talks/derek_sivers_weird_or_just_different "Derek Sivers: Weird, or just different?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jk_rowling_the_fringe_benefits_of_failure JK Rowling: The fringe benefits of failure
https://www.ted.com/talks/sendhil_mullainathan Sendhil Mullainathan: Solving social problems with a nudge
https://www.ted.com/talks/jamie_heywood_the_big_idea_my_brother_inspired Jamie Heywood: The big idea my brother inspired
https://www.ted.com/talks/george_whitesides_a_lab_the_size_of_a_postage_stamp George Whitesides: A lab the size of a postage stamp
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_agus_a_new_strategy_in_the_war_on_cancer David Agus: A new strategy in the war on cancer
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_shannon_the_painter_and_the_pendulum "Tom Shannon, John Hockenberry: The painter and the pendulum"
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_eigen_how_to_expose_the_corrupt Peter Eigen: How to expose the corrupt
https://www.ted.com/talks/jamie_oliver Jamie Oliver: Teach every child about food
https://www.ted.com/talks/blaise_aguera Blaise Agï¿½_era y Arcas: Augmented-reality maps
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_cameron David Cameron: The next age of government
https://www.ted.com/talks/aimee_mullins_the_opportunity_of_adversity Aimee Mullins: The opportunity of adversity
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_gates Bill Gates: Innovating to zero!
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_kelly_tells_technology_s_epic_story Kevin Kelly: Technology's epic story
https://www.ted.com/talks/philip_howard Philip K. Howard: Four ways to fix a broken legal system
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_topol_the_wireless_future_of_medicine Eric Topol: The wireless future of medicine
https://www.ted.com/talks/temple_grandin_the_world_needs_all_kinds_of_minds Temple Grandin: The world needs all kinds of minds
https://www.ted.com/talks/pawan_sinha_on_how_brains_learn_to_see Pawan Sinha: How brains learn to see
https://www.ted.com/talks/raghava_kk_five_lives_of_an_artist Raghava KK: My 5 lives as an artist
https://www.ted.com/talks/bobby_mcferrin_hacks_your_brain_with_music Bobby McFerrin: Watch me play ... the audience!
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_kahneman_the_riddle_of_experience_vs_memory Daniel Kahneman: The riddle of experience vs. memory
https://www.ted.com/talks/harsha_bhogle_the_rise_of_cricket_the_rise_of_india "Harsha Bhogle: The rise of cricket, the rise of India"
https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_flake_is_pivot_a_turning_point_for_web_exploration Gary Flake: Is Pivot a turning point for web exploration?
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_feynman Richard Feynman: Physics is fun to imagine
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_cameron_before_avatar_a_curious_boy James Cameron: Before Avatar ... a curious boy
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_lxd_in_the_internet_age_dance_evolves "The LXD: In the Internet age, dance evolves ..."
https://www.ted.com/talks/srikumar_rao_plug_into_your_hard_wired_happiness Srikumar Rao: Plug into your hard-wired happiness
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_berners_lee_the_year_open_data_went_worldwide Tim Berners-Lee: The year open data went worldwide
https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_lauder_s_new_traffic_sign_take_turns Gary Lauder's new traffic sign: Take Turns
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_barber_how_i_fell_in_love_with_a_fish Dan Barber: How I fell in love with a fish
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_mead_the_magic_of_the_placebo Eric Mead: The magic of the placebo
https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_vaynerchuk_do_what_you_love_no_excuses Gary Vaynerchuk: Do what you love (no excuses!)
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_roth_suspended_animation Mark Roth: Suspended animation is within our grasp
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe Eric Dishman: Take health care off the mainframe
https://www.ted.com/talks/douglas_adams_parrots_the_universe_and_everything "Douglas Adams: Parrots, the universe and everything"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_mcgonigal_gaming_can_make_a_better_world Jane McGonigal: Gaming can make a better world
https://www.ted.com/talks/ken_kamler_medical_miracle_on_everest Ken Kamler: Medical miracle on Everest
https://www.ted.com/talks/shekhar_kapur_we_are_the_stories_we_tell_ourselves Shekhar Kapur: We are the stories we tell ourselves
https://www.ted.com/talks/sam_harris_science_can_show_what_s_right Sam Harris: Science can answer moral questions
https://www.ted.com/talks/juliana_machado_ferreira Juliana Machado Ferreira: The fight to end rare-animal trafficking in Brazil
https://www.ted.com/talks/alan_siegel_let_s_simplify_legal_jargon Alan Siegel: Let's simplify legal jargon!
https://www.ted.com/talks/joel_levine Joel Levine: Why we need to go back to Mars
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_gupta "Robert Gupta: Music is medicine, music is sanity"
https://www.ted.com/talks/patsy_rodenburg_why_i_do_theater Patsy Rodenburg: Why I do theater
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_bales_how_to_combat_modern_slavery Kevin Bales: How to combat modern slavery
https://www.ted.com/talks/shukla_bose_teaching_one_child_at_a_time Shukla Bose: Teaching one child at a time
https://www.ted.com/talks/kirk_citron_and_now_the_real_news "Kirk Citron: And now, the real news"
https://www.ted.com/talks/derek_sivers_how_to_start_a_movement Derek Sivers: How to start a movement
https://www.ted.com/talks/adora_svitak Adora Svitak: What adults can learn from kids
https://www.ted.com/talks/jesse_schell_when_games_invade_real_life Jesse Schell: When games invade real life
https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_pisani_sex_drugs_and_hiv_let_s_get_rational_1 "Elizabeth Pisani: Sex, drugs and HIV -- let's get rational"
https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_kamen_the_emotion_behind_invention Dean Kamen: The emotion behind invention
https://www.ted.com/talks/dennis_hong_my_seven_species_of_robot Dennis Hong: My seven species of robot -- and how we created them
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_drori_every_pollen_grain_has_a_story Jonathan Drori: Every pollen grain has a story
https://www.ted.com/talks/natalie_merchant_sings_old_poems_to_life Natalie Merchant: Singing old poems to life
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_specter_the_danger_of_science_denial Michael Specter: The danger of science denial
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_klein_photos_that_changed_the_world Jonathan Klein: Photos that changed the world
https://www.ted.com/talks/catherine_mohr_builds_green Catherine Mohr: The tradeoffs of building green
https://www.ted.com/talks/thelma_golden_how_art_gives_shape_to_cultural_change Thelma Golden: How art gives shape to cultural change
https://www.ted.com/talks/a_choir_as_big_as_the_internet Eric Whitacre: A choir as big as the Internet
https://www.ted.com/talks/edith_widder_glowing_life_in_an_underwater_world Edith Widder: Glowing life in an underwater world
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_randi "James Randi: Homeopathy, quackery and fraud"
https://www.ted.com/talks/frederick_balagadde_bio_lab_on_a_microchip Frederick Balagadde: Bio-lab on a microchip
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_wujec_build_a_tower "Tom Wujec: Build a tower, build a team"
https://www.ted.com/talks/omar_ahmad_political_change_with_pen_and_paper Omar Ahmad: Political change with pen and paper
https://www.ted.com/talks/kavita_ramdas_radical_women_embracing_tradition "Kavita Ramdas: Radical women, embracing tradition"
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_wolfram_computing_a_theory_of_everything Stephen Wolfram: Computing a theory of all knowledge
https://www.ted.com/talks/roz_savage_why_i_m_rowing_across_the_pacific Roz Savage: Why I'm rowing across the Pacific
https://www.ted.com/talks/george_whitesides_toward_a_science_of_simplicity George Whitesides: Toward a science of simplicity
https://www.ted.com/talks/lies_damned_lies_and_statistics_about_tedtalks "Sebastian Wernicke: Lies, damned lies and statistics (about TEDTalks)"
https://www.ted.com/talks/esther_duflo_social_experiments_to_fight_poverty Esther Duflo: Social experiments to fight poverty
https://www.ted.com/talks/simon_sinek_how_great_leaders_inspire_action Simon Sinek: How great leaders inspire action
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeremy_jackson Jeremy Jackson: How we wrecked the ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/anil_gupta_india_s_hidden_hotbeds_of_invention Anil Gupta: India's hidden hotbeds of invention
https://www.ted.com/talks/pistol "Thomas Dolby: ""Love Is a Loaded Pistol"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_christakis_the_hidden_influence_of_social_networks Nicholas Christakis: The hidden influence of social networks
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_myhrvold_could_this_laser_zap_malaria Nathan Myhrvold: Could this laser zap malaria?
https://www.ted.com/talks/enric_sala Enric Sala: Glimpses of a pristine ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_meyer_math_curriculum_makeover Dan Meyer: Math class needs a makeover
https://www.ted.com/talks/julia_sweeney_has_the_talk "Julia Sweeney: It's time for ""The Talk"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/viktor_frankl_youth_in_search_of_meaning Viktor Frankl: Why believe in others
https://www.ted.com/talks/william_li William Li: Can we eat to starve cancer?
https://www.ted.com/talks/graham_hill_weekday_vegetarian Graham Hill: Why I'm a weekday vegetarian
https://www.ted.com/talks/dee_boersma_pay_attention_to_penguins Dee Boersma: Pay attention to penguins
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_sears_planning_for_the_end_of_oil Richard Sears: Planning for the end of oil
https://www.ted.com/talks/craig_venter_unveils_synthetic_life "Craig Venter: Watch me unveil ""synthetic life"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/sir_ken_robinson_bring_on_the_revolution Ken Robinson: Bring on the learning revolution!
https://www.ted.com/talks/johanna_blakley_lessons_from_fashion_s_free_culture Johanna Blakley: Lessons from fashion's free culture
https://www.ted.com/talks/sharmeen_obaid_chinoy_inside_a_school_for_suicide_bombers Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy: Inside a school for suicide bombers
https://www.ted.com/talks/seth_berkley_hiv_and_flu_the_vaccine_strategy Seth Berkley: HIV and flu -- the vaccine strategy
https://www.ted.com/talks/sophie_hunger_plays_songs_of_secrets_city_lights Sophie Hunger: Songs of secrets and city lights
https://www.ted.com/talks/lessig_nyed Lawrence Lessig: Re-examining the remix
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_underkoffler_drive_3d_data_with_a_gesture John Underkoffler: Pointing to the future of UI
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_skerry_reveals_ocean_s_glory_and_horror Brian Skerry: The ocean's glory -- and horror
https://www.ted.com/talks/christopher_m00t_poole_the_case_for_anonymity_online "Christopher ""moot"" Poole"": The case for anonymity online"
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_cox_why_we_need_the_explorers Brian Cox: Why we need the explorers
https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_sadowsky_engineers_a_viral_music_video Adam Sadowsky: How to engineer a viral music video
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_sandel_the_lost_art_of_democratic_debate Michael Sandel: The lost art of democratic debate
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_kasaona_from_poachers_to_caretakers John Kasaona: How poachers became caretakers
https://www.ted.com/talks/rory_sutherland_sweat_the_small_stuff Rory Sutherland: Sweat the small stuff
https://www.ted.com/talks/debate_does_the_world_need_nuclear_energy Stewart Brand + Mark Z. Jacobson: Debate: Does the world need nuclear energy?
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_byrne_how_architecture_helped_music_evolve David Byrne: How architecture helped music evolve
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_shermer_the_pattern_behind_self_deception Michael Shermer: The pattern behind self-deception
https://www.ted.com/talks/margaret_stewart_how_youtube_thinks_about_copyright Margaret Gould Stewart: How YouTube thinks about copyright
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_tyack_the_intriguing_sound_of_marine_mammals Peter Tyack: The intriguing sound of marine mammals
https://www.ted.com/talks/cameron_herold_let_s_raise_kids_to_be_entrepreneurs Cameron Herold: Let's raise kids to be entrepreneurs
https://www.ted.com/talks/ananda_shankar_jayant_fights_cancer_with_a_dance Ananda Shankar Jayant: Fighting cancer with dance
https://www.ted.com/talks/chip_conley_measuring_what_makes_life_worthwhile Chip Conley: Measuring what makes life worthwhile
https://www.ted.com/talks/marian_bantjes_intricate_beauty_by_design Marian Bantjes: Intricate beauty by design
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_leadbeater_on_education Charles Leadbeater: Education innovation in the slums
https://www.ted.com/talks/aditi_shankardass_a_second_opinion_on_learning_disorders Aditi Shankardass: A second opinion on developmental disorders
https://www.ted.com/talks/hillel_cooperman_legos_for_grownups Hillel Cooperman: Legos for grownups
https://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_how_cognitive_surplus_will_change_the_world Clay Shirky: How cognitive surplus will change the world
https://www.ted.com/talks/ellen_dunham_jones_retrofitting_suburbia Ellen Dunham-Jones: Retrofitting suburbia
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_palumbi_following_the_mercury_trail Stephen Palumbi: Hidden toxins in the fish we eat
https://www.ted.com/talks/carter_emmart_demos_a_3d_atlas_of_the_universe Carter Emmart: A 3D atlas of the universe
https://www.ted.com/talks/mitchell_joachim_don_t_build_your_home_grow_it "Mitchell Joachim: Don't build your home, grow it!"
https://www.ted.com/talks/benoit_mandelbrot_fractals_the_art_of_roughness Benoit Mandelbrot: Fractals and the art of roughness
https://www.ted.com/talks/ellen_gustafson_obesity_hunger_1_global_food_issue Ellen  Gustafson: Obesity + hunger = 1 global food issue
https://www.ted.com/talks/nalini_nadkarni_life_science_in_prison Nalini Nadkarni: Life science in prison
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_on_global_population_growth "Hans Rosling: Global population growth, box by box"
https://www.ted.com/talks/carl_safina_the_oil_spill_s_unseen_culprits_victims Carl Safina: The oil spill's unseen villains -- and victims
https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_ridley_when_ideas_have_sex Matt Ridley: When ideas have sex
https://www.ted.com/talks/ethan_zuckerman Ethan Zuckerman: Listening to global voices
https://www.ted.com/talks/elif_shafak_the_politics_of_fiction Elif Shafak: The politics of fiction
https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_assange_why_the_world_needs_wikileaks Julian Assange: Why the world needs WikiLeaks
https://www.ted.com/talks/naif_al_mutawa_superheroes_inspired_by_islam Naif Al-Mutawa: Superheroes inspired by Islam
https://www.ted.com/talks/dimitar_sasselov_how_we_found_hundreds_of_potential_earth_like_planets Dimitar Sasselov: How we found hundreds of potential Earth-like planets
https://www.ted.com/talks/tan_le_a_headset_that_reads_your_brainwaves Tan Le: A headset that reads your brainwaves
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_stone_the_bio_future_of_joint_replacement Kevin Stone: The bio-future of joint replacement
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing Sheena Iyengar: The art of choosing
https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_shaw_the_oil_spill_s_toxic_trade_off Susan Shaw: The oil spill's toxic trade-off
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_bezos_gifts_vs_choices Jeff Bezos: What matters more than your talents
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_delaney_wiring_an_interactive_ocean John Delaney: Wiring an interactive ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/laurie_santos Laurie Santos: A monkey economy as irrational as ours
https://www.ted.com/talks/lewis_pugh_s_mind_shifting_mt_everest_swim Lewis Pugh: My mind-shifting Everest swim
https://www.ted.com/talks/jason_clay_how_big_brands_can_save_biodiversity Jason Clay: How big brands can help save biodiversity
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheryl_wudunn_our_century_s_greatest_injustice Sheryl WuDunn: Our century's greatest injustice
https://www.ted.com/talks/diane_j_savino_the_case_for_same_sex_marriage Diane J. Savino: The case for same-sex marriage
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_molyneux_demos_milo_the_virtual_boy "Peter Molyneux: Meet Milo, the virtual boy"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jamil_abu_wardeh_bringing_comedy_to_the_axis_of_evil Jamil Abu-Wardeh: The Axis of Evil Middle East Comedy Tour
https://www.ted.com/talks/maz_jobrani_make_jokes_not_bombs Maz Jobrani: Did you hear the one about the Iranian-American?
https://www.ted.com/talks/seth_priebatsch_the_game_layer_on_top_of_the_world Seth Priebatsch: The game layer on top of the world
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_mccandless_the_beauty_of_data_visualization David McCandless: The beauty of data visualization
https://www.ted.com/talks/lee_hotz_inside_an_antarctic_time_machine Lee Hotz: Inside an Antarctic time machine
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeremy_rifkin_on_the_empathic_civilization Jeremy Rifkin: The empathic civilization
https://www.ted.com/talks/jim_toomey_learning_from_sherman_the_shark Jim Toomey: Learning from Sherman the shark
https://www.ted.com/talks/lisa_margonelli_the_political_chemistry_of_oil Lisa Margonelli: The political chemistry of oil
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_cobley_what_physics_taught_me_about_marketing Dan Cobley: What physics taught me about marketing
https://www.ted.com/talks/nic_marks_the_happy_planet_index Nic Marks: The Happy Planet Index
https://www.ted.com/talks/johan_rockstrom_let_the_environment_guide_our_development Johan Rockstrom: Let the environment guide our development
https://www.ted.com/talks/his_holiness_the_karmapa_the_technology_of_the_heart His Holiness the Karmapa: The technology of the heart
https://www.ted.com/talks/derek_sivers_keep_your_goals_to_yourself Derek Sivers: Keep your goals to yourself
https://www.ted.com/talks/rachel_sussman_the_world_s_oldest_living_things Rachel Sussman: The world's oldest living things
https://www.ted.com/talks/sugata_mitra_the_child_driven_education Sugata Mitra: The child-driven education
https://www.ted.com/talks/alwar_balasubramaniam_sculpture_of_substance_and_absence Alwar Balasubramaniam: Art of substance and absence
https://www.ted.com/talks/carne_ross_an_independent_diplomat Carne Ross: An independent diplomat
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_cameron_tedxyyc Ben Cameron: Why the live arts matter
https://www.ted.com/talks/seth_godin_this_is_broken_1 Seth Godin: This is broken
https://www.ted.com/talks/rob_dunbar Rob Dunbar: Discovering ancient climates in oceans and ice
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_anderson_how_web_video_powers_global_innovation Chris Anderson: How web video powers global innovation
https://www.ted.com/talks/jessa_gamble_how_to_sleep Jessa Gamble: Our natural sleep cycle is nothing like what we do now
https://www.ted.com/talks/nicholas_christakis_how_social_networks_predict_epidemics Nicholas Christakis: How social networks predict epidemics
https://www.ted.com/talks/caroline_phillips_hurdy_gurdy_for_beginners Caroline Phillips: Hurdy-gurdy for beginners
https://www.ted.com/talks/christien_meindertsma_on_pig_05049 Christien Meindertsma: How pig parts make the world turn
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_johnson_where_good_ideas_come_from Steven Johnson: Where good ideas come from
https://www.ted.com/talks/mitchell_besser_mothers_helping_mothers_fight_hiv Mitchell Besser: Mothers helping mothers fight HIV
https://www.ted.com/talks/annie_lennox_why_i_am_an_hiv_aids_activist Annie Lennox: Why I am an HIV/AIDS activist
https://www.ted.com/talks/fabian_hemmert_the_shape_shifting_future_of_the_mobile_phone Fabian Hemmert: The shape-shifting future of the mobile phone
https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_treasure_shh_sound_health_in_8_steps Julian Treasure: Shh! Sound health in 8 steps
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_birkhead_the_wisdom_of_birds Tim Birkhead: The early birdwatchers
https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_wolf_the_quantified_self Gary Wolf: The quantified self
https://www.ted.com/talks/sebastian_seung Sebastian Seung: I am my connectome
https://www.ted.com/talks/inge_missmahl_brings_peace_to_the_minds_of_afghanistan Inge Missmahl: Bringing peace to the minds of Afghanistan
https://www.ted.com/talks/mechai_viravaidya_how_mr_condom_made_thailand_a_better_place Mechai Viravaidya: How Mr. Condom made Thailand a better place for life and love
https://www.ted.com/talks/eben_bayer_are_mushrooms_the_new_plastic Eben Bayer: Are mushrooms the new plastic?
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_jackson_s_economic_reality_check Tim Jackson: An economic reality check
https://www.ted.com/talks/barbara_block_tagging_tuna_in_the_deep_ocean Barbara Block: Tagging tuna in the deep ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_the_good_news_of_the_decade Hans Rosling: The good news of the decade? We're winning the war against child mortality
https://www.ted.com/talks/stacey_kramer_the_best_gift_i_ever_survived Stacey Kramer: The best gift I ever survived
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefano_mancuso_the_roots_of_plant_intelligence Stefano Mancuso: The roots of plant intelligence
https://www.ted.com/talks/melinda_french_gates_what_nonprofits_can_learn_from_coca_cola Melinda Gates: What nonprofits can learn from Coca-Cola
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_haas_haiti_s_disaster_of_engineering Peter Haas: Haiti's disaster of engineering
https://www.ted.com/talks/natalie_jeremijenko_the_art_of_the_eco_mindshift Natalie Jeremijenko: The art of the eco-mindshift
https://www.ted.com/talks/ze_frank_s_web_playroom Ze Frank: My web playroom
https://www.ted.com/talks/joel_burns_tells_gay_teens_it_gets_better Joel Burns: A message to gay teens: It gets better
https://www.ted.com/talks/jessica_jackley_poverty_money_and_love "Jessica Jackley: Poverty, money -- and love"
https://www.ted.com/talks/heribert_watzke_the_brain_in_your_gut Heribert Watzke: The brain in your gut
https://www.ted.com/talks/dianna_cohen_tough_truths_about_plastic_pollution Dianna Cohen: Tough truths about plastic pollution
https://www.ted.com/talks/patrick_chappatte_the_power_of_cartoons Patrick Chappatte: The power of cartoons
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_byrne_sings_nothing_but_flowers "David Byrne, Ethel + Thomas Dolby: ""(Nothing But) Flowers"" with string quartet"
https://www.ted.com/talks/r_a_mashelkar_breakthrough_designs_for_ultra_low_cost_products R.A. Mashelkar: Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products
https://www.ted.com/talks/joseph_nye_on_global_power_shifts Joseph Nye: Global power shifts
https://www.ted.com/talks/barton_seaver_sustainable_seafood_let_s_get_smart Barton Seaver: Sustainable seafood? Let's get smart
https://www.ted.com/talks/shimon_steinberg_natural_pest_control_using_bugs Shimon Steinberg: Natural pest control ... using bugs!
https://www.ted.com/talks/miwa_matreyek_s_glorious_visions Miwa Matreyek: Glorious visions in animation and performance
https://www.ted.com/talks/tom_chatfield_7_ways_games_reward_the_brain Tom Chatfield: 7 ways games reward the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_bismark_e_voting_without_fraud David Bismark: E-voting without fraud
https://www.ted.com/talks/greg_stone_saving_the_ocean_one_island_at_a_time Greg Stone: Saving the ocean one island at a time
https://www.ted.com/talks/gero_miesenboeck Gero Miesenboeck: Re-engineering the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/andrew_bird_s_one_man_orchestra_of_the_imagination Andrew Bird: A one-man orchestra of the imagination
https://www.ted.com/talks/emily_pilloton_teaching_design_for_change Emily Pilloton: Teaching design for change
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefan_wolff_the_path_to_ending_ethnic_conflicts Stefan Wolff: The path to ending ethnic conflicts
https://www.ted.com/talks/aaron_huey Aaron Huey: America's native prisoners of war
https://www.ted.com/talks/auret_van_heerden_making_global_labor_fair Auret van Heerden: Making global labor fair
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_berlow_how_complexity_leads_to_simplicity Eric Berlow: Simplifying complexity
https://www.ted.com/talks/conrad_wolfram_teaching_kids_real_math_with_computers Conrad Wolfram: Teaching kids real math with computers
https://www.ted.com/talks/denis_dutton_a_darwinian_theory_of_beauty Denis Dutton: A Darwinian theory of beauty
https://www.ted.com/talks/shimon_schocken_s_rides_of_hope Shimon Schocken: What a bike ride can teach you
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_hardy_my_green_school_dream John Hardy: My green school dream
https://www.ted.com/talks/kristina_gjerde_making_law_on_the_high_seas Kristina Gjerde: Making law on the high seas
https://www.ted.com/talks/kim_gorgens_protecting_the_brain_against_concussion Kim Gorgens: Protecting the brain against concussion
https://www.ted.com/talks/zainab_salbi "Zainab Salbi: Women, wartime and the dream of peace"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jason_fried_why_work_doesn_t_happen_at_work Jason Fried: Why work doesn't happen at work
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_phillips_creative_houses_from_reclaimed_stuff Dan Phillips: Creative houses from reclaimed stuff
https://www.ted.com/talks/birke_baehr_what_s_wrong_with_our_food_system Birke Baehr: What's wrong with our food system
https://www.ted.com/talks/william_ury "William Ury: The walk from ""no"" to ""yes"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/marcel_dicke_why_not_eat_insects Marcel Dicke: Why not eat insects?
https://www.ted.com/talks/bart_weetjens_how_i_taught_rats_to_sniff_out_land_mines Bart Weetjens: How I taught rats to sniff out land mines
https://www.ted.com/talks/arthur_potts_dawson_a_vision_for_sustainable_restaurants Arthur Potts Dawson: A vision for sustainable restaurants
https://www.ted.com/talks/halla_tomasdottir Halla Tï¿½_masdï¿½_ttir: A feminine response to Iceland's financial crash
https://www.ted.com/talks/tony_porter_a_call_to_men Tony Porter: A call to men
https://www.ted.com/talks/kiran_bedi_a_police_chief_with_a_difference Kiran Bedi: A police chief with a difference
https://www.ted.com/talks/hanna_rosin_new_data_on_the_rise_of_women Hanna Rosin: New data on the rise of women
https://www.ted.com/talks/diana_laufenberg_3_ways_to_teach Diana Laufenberg: How to learn? From mistakes
https://www.ted.com/talks/rufus_griscom_alisa_volkman_let_s_talk_parenting_taboos Rufus Griscom + Alisa Volkman: Let's talk parenting taboos
https://www.ted.com/talks/rachel_botsman_the_case_for_collaborative_consumption Rachel Botsman: The case for collaborative consumption
https://www.ted.com/talks/ken_robinson_changing_education_paradigms Ken Robinson: Changing education paradigms
https://www.ted.com/talks/beverly_dereck_joubert_life_lessons_from_big_cats Beverly + Dereck Joubert: Life lessons from big cats
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheryl_sandberg_why_we_have_too_few_women_leaders Sheryl Sandberg: Why we have too few women leaders
https://www.ted.com/talks/majora_carter_3_stories_of_local_ecoactivism Majora Carter: 3 stories of local eco-entrepreneurship
https://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_on_vulnerability BrenÌ© Brown: The power of vulnerability
https://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_using_our_practical_wisdom Barry Schwartz: Using our practical wisdom
https://www.ted.com/talks/arianna_huffington_how_to_succeed_get_more_sleep Arianna Huffington: How to succeed? Get more sleep
https://www.ted.com/talks/lesley_hazelton_on_reading_the_koran Lesley Hazleton: On reading the Koran
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_limb_your_brain_on_improv Charles Limb: Your brain on improv
https://www.ted.com/talks/deborah_rhodes "Deborah Rhodes: A test that finds 3x more breast tumors, and why it's not available to you"
https://www.ted.com/talks/neil_pasricha_the_3_a_s_of_awesome Neil Pasricha: The 3 A's of awesome
https://www.ted.com/talks/jody_williams_a_realistic_vision_for_world_peace Jody Williams: A realistic vision for world peace
https://www.ted.com/talks/amber_case_we_are_all_cyborgs_now Amber Case: We are all cyborgs now
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_thwaites_how_i_built_a_toaster_from_scratch Thomas Thwaites: How I built a toaster -- from scratch
https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_lesser_take_the_other_to_lunch "Elizabeth Lesser: Take ""the Other"" to lunch"
https://www.ted.com/talks/ali_carr_chellman_gaming_to_re_engage_boys_in_learning Ali Carr-Chellman: Gaming to re-engage boys in learning
https://www.ted.com/talks/naomi_klein_addicted_to_risk Naomi Klein: Addicted to risk
https://www.ted.com/talks/charity_tilleman_dick_singing_after_a_double_lung_transplant Charity Tillemann-Dick: Singing after a double lung transplant
https://www.ted.com/talks/van_jones_the_economic_injustice_of_plastic Van Jones: The economic injustice of plastic
https://www.ted.com/talks/anders_ynnerman_visualizing_the_medical_data_explosion Anders Ynnerman: Visualizing the medical data explosion
https://www.ted.com/talks/heather_knight_silicon_based_comedy Heather Knight: Silicon-based comedy
https://www.ted.com/talks/martin_jacques_understanding_the_rise_of_china Martin Jacques: Understanding the rise of China
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_goetz_it_s_time_to_redesign_medical_data Thomas Goetz: It's time to redesign medical data
https://www.ted.com/talks/liza_donnelly_drawing_upon_humor_for_change Liza Donnelly: Drawing on humor for change
https://www.ted.com/talks/ariel_garten_know_thyself_with_a_brain_scanner "Ariel Garten: Know thyself, with a brain scanner"
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruce_feiler_the_council_of_dads Bruce Feiler: The council of dads
https://www.ted.com/talks/kate_orff_oysters_as_architecture Kate Orff: Reviving New York's rivers -- with oysters!
https://www.ted.com/talks/dale_dougherty_we_are_makers Dale Dougherty: We are makers
https://www.ted.com/talks/johanna_blakley_social_media_and_the_end_of_gender Johanna Blakley: Social media and the end of gender
https://www.ted.com/talks/christopher_mcdougall_are_we_born_to_run Christopher McDougall: Are we born to run?
https://www.ted.com/talks/suheir_hammad_poems_of_war_peace_women_power "Suheir Hammad: Poems of war, peace, women, power"
https://www.ted.com/talks/nigel_marsh_how_to_make_work_life_balance_work Nigel Marsh: How to make work-life balance work
https://www.ted.com/talks/cynthia_breazeal_the_rise_of_personal_robots Cynthia Breazeal: The rise of personal robots
https://www.ted.com/talks/mother_and_daughter_doctor_heroes_hawa_abdi_deqo_mohamed Hawa Abdi + Deqo Mohamed: Mother and daughter doctor-heroes
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_pawlyn_using_nature_s_genius_in_architecture Michael Pawlyn: Using nature's genius in architecture
https://www.ted.com/talks/a_whistleblower_you_haven_t_heard Geert Chatrou: A whistleblower you haven't heard
https://www.ted.com/talks/krista_tippett_reconnecting_with_compassion Krista Tippett: Reconnecting with compassion
https://www.ted.com/talks/patricia_kuhl_the_linguistic_genius_of_babies Patricia Kuhl: The linguistic genius of babies
https://www.ted.com/talks/jacqueline_novogratz_inspiring_a_life_of_immersion Jacqueline Novogratz: Inspiring a life of immersion
https://www.ted.com/talks/lisa_gansky_the_future_of_business_is_the_mesh "Lisa Gansky: The future of business is the ""mesh"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/madeleine_albright_on_being_a_woman_and_a_diplomat Madeleine Albright: On being a woman and a diplomat
https://www.ted.com/talks/noreena_hertz_how_to_use_experts_and_when_not_to Noreena Hertz: How to use experts -- and when not to
https://www.ted.com/talks/iain_hutchison_saving_faces Iain Hutchison: Saving faces: A facial surgeon's craft
https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_lindsey_curating_humanity_s_heritage Elizabeth Lindsey: Curating humanity's heritage
https://www.ted.com/talks/danny_hillis_two_frontiers_of_cancer_treatment Danny Hillis: Understanding cancer through proteomics
https://www.ted.com/talks/ahn_trio_a_modern_take_on_piano_violin_cello "Ahn Trio: A modern take on piano, violin, cello"
https://www.ted.com/talks/wadah_khanfar_a_historic_moment_in_the_arab_world Wadah Khanfar: A historic moment in the Arab world
https://www.ted.com/talks/jr_s_ted_prize_wish_use_art_to_turn_the_world_inside_out JR: My wish: Use art to turn the world inside out
https://www.ted.com/talks/wael_ghonim_inside_the_egyptian_revolution Wael Ghonim: Inside the Egyptian revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_gates_how_state_budgets_are_breaking_us_schools Bill Gates: How state budgets are breaking US schools
https://www.ted.com/talks/anthony_atala_printing_a_human_kidney Anthony Atala: Printing a human kidney
https://www.ted.com/talks/courtney_martin_reinventing_feminism Courtney E. Martin: This isn't her mother's feminism
https://www.ted.com/talks/salman_khan_let_s_use_video_to_reinvent_education Sal Khan: Let's use video to reinvent education
https://www.ted.com/talks/deb_roy_the_birth_of_a_word Deb Roy: The birth of a word
https://www.ted.com/talks/rob_harmon_how_the_market_can_keep_streams_flowing Rob Harmon: How to keep rivers and streams flowing
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_brooks_the_social_animal David Brooks: The social animal
https://www.ted.com/talks/janna_levin_the_sound_the_universe_makes Janna Levin: The sound the universe makes
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_bezos_a_life_lesson_from_a_volunteer_firefighter Mark Bezos: A life lesson from a volunteer firefighter
https://www.ted.com/talks/rogier_van_der_heide_why_light_needs_darkness Rogier van der Heide: Why light needs darkness
https://www.ted.com/talks/sarah_kay_if_i_should_have_a_daughter Sarah Kay: If I should have a daughter ...
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_and_the_magic_washing_machine Hans Rosling: The magic washing machine
https://www.ted.com/talks/isabel_behncke_evolution_s_gift_of_play_from_bonobo_apes_to_humans "Isabel Behncke: Evolution's gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans"
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_root_wolpe_it_s_time_to_question_bio_engineering Paul Root Wolpe: It's time to question bio-engineering
https://www.ted.com/talks/eythor_bender_demos_human_exoskeletons Eythor Bender: Human exoskeletons -- for war and healing
https://www.ted.com/talks/claron_mcfadden_singing_the_primal_mystery Claron McFadden: Singing the primal mystery
https://www.ted.com/talks/patricia_ryan_ideas_in_all_languages_not_just_english Patricia Ryan: Don't insist on English!
https://www.ted.com/talks/ralph_langner_cracking_stuxnet_a_21st_century_cyberweapon "Ralph Langner: Cracking Stuxnet, a 21st-century cyber weapon"
https://www.ted.com/talks/handpring_puppet_co_the_genius_puppetry_behind_war_horse Handspring Puppet Co.: The genius puppetry behind War Horse
https://www.ted.com/talks/sebastian_thrun_google_s_driverless_car Sebastian Thrun: Google's driverless car
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_whitacre_a_virtual_choir_2_000_voices_strong "Eric Whitacre: A virtual choir 2,000 voices strong"
https://www.ted.com/talks/annmarie_thomas_squishy_circuits AnnMarie Thomas: Hands-on science with squishy circuits
https://www.ted.com/talks/stanley_mcchrystal "Stanley McChrystal: Listen, learn ... then lead"
https://www.ted.com/talks/chade_meng_tan_everyday_compassion_at_google Chade-Meng Tan: Everyday compassion at Google
https://www.ted.com/talks/morgan_spurlock_the_greatest_ted_talk_ever_sold Morgan Spurlock: The greatest TED Talk ever sold
https://www.ted.com/talks/mick_ebeling_the_invention_that_unlocked_a_locked_in_artist Mick Ebeling: The invention that unlocked a locked-in artist
https://www.ted.com/talks/caroline_casey_looking_past_limits Caroline Casey: Looking past limits
https://www.ted.com/talks/jackson_browne_if_i_could_be_anywhere Jackson Browne: A song inspired by the ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_christian_big_history David Christian: The history of our world in 18 minutes
https://www.ted.com/talks/dave_meslin_the_antidote_to_apathy Dave Meslin: The antidote to apathy
https://www.ted.com/talks/roger_ebert_remaking_my_voice Roger Ebert: Remaking my voice
https://www.ted.com/talks/marcin_jakubowski Marcin Jakubowski: Open-sourced blueprints for civilization
https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_lim "Susan Lim: Transplant cells, not organs"
https://www.ted.com/talks/sam_richards_a_radical_experiment_in_empathy Sam Richards: A radical experiment in empathy
https://www.ted.com/talks/kathryn_schulz_on_being_wrong Kathryn Schulz: On being wrong
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_hunter_on_the_world_peace_game John Hunter: Teaching with the World Peace Game
https://www.ted.com/talks/anil_ananthaswamy Anil Ananthaswamy: What it takes to do extreme astrophysics
https://www.ted.com/talks/ric_elias Ric Elias: 3 things I learned while my plane crashed
https://www.ted.com/talks/harvey_fineberg_are_we_ready_for_neo_evolution Harvey Fineberg: Are we ready for neo-evolution?
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruce_schneier Bruce Schneier: The security mirage
https://www.ted.com/talks/angela_belcher_using_nature_to_grow_batteries Angela Belcher: Using nature to grow batteries
https://www.ted.com/talks/mike_matas Mike Matas: A next-generation digital book
https://www.ted.com/talks/arvind_gupta_turning_trash_into_toys_for_learning Arvind Gupta: Turning trash into toys for learning
https://www.ted.com/talks/eli_pariser_beware_online_filter_bubbles "Eli Pariser: Beware online ""filter bubbles"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/9_11_healing_the_mothers_who_found_forgiveness_friendship "Aicha el-Wafi + Phyllis Rodriguez: The mothers who found forgiveness, friendship"
https://www.ted.com/talks/carlo_ratti_architecture_that_senses_and_responds Carlo Ratti: Architecture that senses and responds
https://www.ted.com/talks/suzanne_lee_grow_your_own_clothes Suzanne Lee: Grow your own clothes
https://www.ted.com/talks/sean_carroll_distant_time_and_the_hint_of_a_multiverse Sean Carroll: Distant time and the hint of a multiverse
https://www.ted.com/talks/louie_schwartzberg_the_hidden_beauty_of_pollination Louie Schwartzberg: The hidden beauty of pollination
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_nicklen_tales_of_ice_bound_wonderlands Paul Nicklen: Animal tales from icy wonderlands
https://www.ted.com/talks/fiorenzo_omenetto_silk_the_ancient_material_of_the_future "Fiorenzo Omenetto: Silk, the ancient material of the future"
https://www.ted.com/talks/ron_gutman_the_hidden_power_of_smiling Ron Gutman: The hidden power of smiling
https://www.ted.com/talks/amit_sood_building_a_museum_of_museums_on_the_web Amit Sood: Building a museum of museums on the web
https://www.ted.com/talks/leonard_susskind_my_friend_richard_feynman Leonard Susskind: My friend Richard Feynman
https://www.ted.com/talks/ed_boyden Ed Boyden: A light switch for neurons
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_heatherwick Thomas Heatherwick: Building the Seed Cathedral
https://www.ted.com/talks/elliot_krane_the_mystery_of_chronic_pain Elliot Krane: The mystery of chronic pain
https://www.ted.com/talks/edith_widder_the_weird_and_wonderful_world_of_bioluminescence "Edith Widder: The weird, wonderful world of bioluminescence"
https://www.ted.com/talks/terry_moore_how_to_tie_your_shoes Terry Moore: How to tie your shoes
https://www.ted.com/talks/gel_gotta_share Improv Everywhere: Gotta share!
https://www.ted.com/talks/aaron_koblin Aaron Koblin: Visualizing ourselves ... with crowd-sourced data
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruce_aylward_how_we_ll_stop_polio Bruce Aylward: How we'll stop polio for good
https://www.ted.com/talks/shirin_neshat_art_in_exile Shirin Neshat: Art in exile
https://www.ted.com/talks/mustafa_akyol_faith_versus_tradition_in_islam Mustafa Akyol: Faith versus tradition in Islam
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_gupta_and_joshua_roman_duet_on_passacaglia "Robert Gupta + Joshua Roman: On violin and cello, ""Passacaglia"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_mclaren_authentic_creativity_vs_karaoke_culture Malcolm McLaren: Authentic creativity vs. karaoke culture
https://www.ted.com/talks/dennis_hong_making_a_car_for_blind_drivers Dennis Hong: Making a car for blind drivers
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefan_sagmeister_7_rules_for_making_more_happiness Stefan Sagmeister: 7 rules for making more happiness
https://www.ted.com/talks/aaron_o_connell_making_sense_of_a_visible_quantum_object Aaron O'Connell: Making sense of a visible quantum object
https://www.ted.com/talks/jessi_arrington_wearing_nothing_new Jessi Arrington: Wearing nothing new
https://www.ted.com/talks/damon_horowitz "Damon Horowitz: We need a ""moral operating system"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/jack_horner_building_a_dinosaur_from_a_chicken Jack Horner: Building a dinosaur from a chicken
https://www.ted.com/talks/janet_echelman Janet Echelman: Taking imagination seriously
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_romer_the_world_s_first_charter_city Paul Romer: The world's first charter city?
https://www.ted.com/talks/alice_dreger_is_anatomy_destiny Alice Dreger: Is anatomy destiny?
https://www.ted.com/talks/jd_schramm JD Schramm: Break the silence for suicide attempt survivors
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_kraft_medicine_s_future Daniel Kraft: Medicine's future? There's an app for that
https://www.ted.com/talks/shea_hembrey_how_i_became_100_artists Shea Hembrey: How I became 100 artists
https://www.ted.com/talks/steve_keil_a_manifesto_for_play_for_bulgaria_and_beyond "Steve Keil: A manifesto for play, for Bulgaria and beyond"
https://www.ted.com/talks/camille_seaman_haunting_photos_of_ice Camille Seaman: Haunting photos of polar ice
https://www.ted.com/talks/onyx_ashanti_this_is_beatjazz Onyx Ashanti: This is beatjazz
https://www.ted.com/talks/maya_beiser_s_and_her_cello_s Maya Beiser: A cello with many voices
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_ford_a_future_beyond_traffic_gridlock Bill Ford: A future beyond traffic gridlock
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_tammet_different_ways_of_knowing Daniel Tammet: Different ways of knowing
https://www.ted.com/talks/jok_church_a_circle_of_caring Jok Church: A circle of caring
https://www.ted.com/talks/honor_harger_a_history_of_the_universe_in_sound Honor Harger: A history of the universe in sound
https://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough Joshua Walters: On being just crazy enough
https://www.ted.com/talks/emiliano_salinas_a_civil_response_to_violence Emiliano Salinas: A civil response to violence
https://www.ted.com/talks/rajesh_rao_computing_a_rosetta_stone_for_the_indus_script Rajesh Rao: A Rosetta Stone for a lost language
https://www.ted.com/talks/dave_debronkart_meet_e_patient_dave Dave deBronkart: Meet e-Patient Dave
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_hammond_building_a_park_in_the_sky Robert Hammond: Building a park in the sky
https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_cutts_try_something_new_for_30_days Matt Cutts: Try something new for 30 days
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_myhrvold_cut_your_food_in_half Nathan Myhrvold: Cooking as never seen before
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_drori_the_beautiful_tricks_of_flowers Jonathan Drori: The beautiful tricks of flowers
https://www.ted.com/talks/simon_lewis_don_t_take_consciousness_for_granted Simon Lewis: Don't take consciousness for granted
https://www.ted.com/talks/nina_tandon_caring_for_cells Nina Tandon: Caring for engineered tissue
https://www.ted.com/talks/rebecca_mackinnon_let_s_take_back_the_internet Rebecca MacKinnon: Let's take back the Internet!
https://www.ted.com/talks/maajid_nawaz_a_global_culture_to_fight_extremism Maajid Nawaz: A global culture to fight extremism
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_harford "Tim Harford: Trial, error and the God complex"
https://www.ted.com/talks/nadia_al_sakkaf_see_yemen_through_my_eyes Nadia Al-Sakkaf: See Yemen through my eyes
https://www.ted.com/talks/mikko_hypponen_fighting_viruses_defending_the_net "Mikko Hypponen: Fighting viruses, defending the net"
https://www.ted.com/talks/thandie_newton_embracing_otherness_embracing_myself "Thandie Newton: Embracing otherness, embracing myself"
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_slavin_how_algorithms_shape_our_world Kevin Slavin: How algorithms shape our world
https://www.ted.com/talks/a_robot_that_flies_like_a_bird Markus Fischer: A robot that flies like a bird
https://www.ted.com/talks/rory_stewart_time_to_end_the_war_in_afghanistan Rory Stewart: Time to end the war in Afghanistan
https://www.ted.com/talks/geoffrey_west_the_surprising_math_of_cities_and_corporations Geoffrey West: The surprising math of cities and corporations
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_bloom_the_origins_of_pleasure Paul Bloom: The origins of pleasure
https://www.ted.com/talks/josette_sheeran_ending_hunger_now Josette Sheeran: Ending hunger now
https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_treasure_5_ways_to_listen_better Julian Treasure: 5 ways to listen better
https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_ostrow_after_your_final_status_update Adam Ostrow: After your final status update
https://www.ted.com/talks/harald_haas_wireless_data_from_every_light_bulb Harald Haas: Wireless data from every light bulb
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_pagel_how_language_transformed_humanity Mark Pagel: How language transformed humanity
https://www.ted.com/talks/jessica_green_are_we_filtering_the_wrong_microbes Jessica Green: Are we filtering the wrong microbes?
https://www.ted.com/talks/zimchallenge Philip Zimbardo: The demise of guys?
https://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler "Eve Ensler: Suddenly, my body"
https://www.ted.com/talks/alex_steffen Alex Steffen: The shareable future of cities
https://www.ted.com/talks/dyan_denapoli_the_great_penguin_rescue Dyan deNapoli: The great penguin rescue
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeremy_gilley_one_day_of_peace Jeremy Gilley: One day of peace
https://www.ted.com/talks/lucianne_walkowicz_finding_planets_around_other_stars Lucianne Walkowicz: Finding planets around other stars
https://www.ted.com/talks/marco_tempest_the_magic_of_truth_and_lies_on_ipods Marco Tempest: The magic of truth and lies (and iPods)
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_beware_conflicts_of_interest Dan Ariely: Beware conflicts of interest
https://www.ted.com/talks/svante_paeaebo_dna_clues_to_our_inner_neanderthal Svante Pï¿½_ï¿½_bo: DNA clues to our inner neanderthal
https://www.ted.com/talks/julia_bacha Julia Bacha: Pay attention to nonviolence
https://www.ted.com/talks/skylar_tibbits_can_we_make_things_that_make_themselves Skylar Tibbits: Can we make things that make themselves?
https://www.ted.com/talks/joan_halifax Joan Halifax: Compassion and the true meaning of empathy
https://www.ted.com/talks/edward_tenner_unintended_consequences Edward Tenner: Unintended consequences
https://www.ted.com/talks/sarah_kaminsky Sarah Kaminsky: My father the forger
https://www.ted.com/talks/lee_cronin_making_matter_come_alive Lee Cronin: Making matter come alive
https://www.ted.com/talks/raghava_kk_shake_up_your_story Raghava KK: Shake up your story
https://www.ted.com/talks/yasheng_huang Yasheng Huang: Does democracy stifle economic growth?
https://www.ted.com/talks/misha_glenny_hire_the_hackers Misha Glenny: Hire the hackers!
https://www.ted.com/talks/kate_hartman_the_art_of_wearable_communication Kate Hartman: The art of wearable communication
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_resnick_welcome_to_the_genomic_revolution Richard Resnick: Welcome to the genomic revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/lauren_zalaznick Lauren Zalaznick: The conscience of television
https://www.ted.com/talks/sasha_dichter Sasha Dichter: The Generosity Experiment
https://www.ted.com/talks/niall_ferguson_the_6_killer_apps_of_prosperity Niall Ferguson: The 6 killer apps of prosperity
https://www.ted.com/talks/what_we_learned_from_5_million_books Jean-Baptiste Michel + Erez Lieberman Aiden: What we learned from 5 million books
https://www.ted.com/talks/amy_lockwood_selling_condoms_in_the_congo Amy Lockwood: Selling condoms in the Congo
https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_murchison Elizabeth Murchison: Fighting a contagious cancer
https://www.ted.com/talks/sunni_brown "Sunni Brown: Doodlers, unite!"
https://www.ted.com/talks/abraham_verghese_a_doctor_s_touch Abraham Verghese: A doctor's touch
https://www.ted.com/talks/geoff_mulgan_a_short_intro_to_the_studio_school Geoff Mulgan: A short intro to the Studio School
https://www.ted.com/talks/jarreth_merz_filming_democracy_in_ghana Jarreth Merz: Filming democracy in Ghana
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_goldacre_battling_bad_science Ben Goldacre: Battling bad science
https://www.ted.com/talks/danielle_de_niese_a_flirtatious_aria Danielle de Niese: A flirtatious aria
https://www.ted.com/talks/yang_lan Yang Lan: The generation that's remaking China
https://www.ted.com/talks/christophe_adami_finding_life_we_can_t_imagine Christoph Adami: Finding life we can't imagine
https://www.ted.com/talks/graham_hill_less_stuff_more_happiness "Graham Hill: Less stuff, more happiness"
https://www.ted.com/talks/steve_jobs_how_to_live_before_you_die Steve Jobs: How to live before you die
https://www.ted.com/talks/mike_biddle Mike Biddle: We can recycle plastic
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_hazlewood Charles Hazlewood: Trusting the ensemble
https://www.ted.com/talks/alison_gopnik_what_do_babies_think Alison Gopnik: What do babies think?
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_seymour_how_beauty_feels Richard Seymour: How beauty feels
https://www.ted.com/talks/ian_ritchie_the_day_i_turned_down_tim_berners_lee Ian Ritchie: The day I turned down Tim Berners-Lee
https://www.ted.com/talks/pamela_meyer_how_to_spot_a_liar Pamela Meyer: How to spot a liar
https://www.ted.com/talks/jae_rhim_lee Jae Rhim Lee: My mushroom burial suit
https://www.ted.com/talks/bunker_roy Bunker Roy: Learning from a barefoot movement
https://www.ted.com/talks/justin_hall_tipping_freeing_energy_from_the_grid Justin Hall-Tipping: Freeing energy from the grid
https://www.ted.com/talks/guy_philippe_goldstein_how_cyberattacks_threaten_real_world_peace Guy-Philippe Goldstein: How cyberattacks threaten real-world peace
https://www.ted.com/talks/todd_kuiken_a_prosthetic_arm_that_feels "Todd Kuiken: A prosthetic arm that ""feels"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathalie_miebach Nathalie Miebach: Art made of storms
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_wilkinson Richard Wilkinson: How economic inequality harms societies
https://www.ted.com/talks/iain_mcgilchrist_the_divided_brain Iain McGilchrist: The divided brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/malcolm_gladwell Malcolm Gladwell: The strange tale of the Norden bombsight
https://www.ted.com/talks/jay_bradner_open_source_cancer_research Jay Bradner: Open-source cancer research
https://www.ted.com/talks/beatrice_coron_stories_cut_from_paper BÌ©atrice Coron: Stories cut from paper
https://www.ted.com/talks/hasan_elahi "Hasan Elahi: FBI, here I am!"
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_zak_trust_morality_and_oxytocin "Paul Zak: Trust, morality -- and oxytocin?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/anna_mracek_dietrich_a_plane_you_can_drive Anna Mracek Dietrich: A plane you can drive
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_wolpert_the_real_reason_for_brains Daniel Wolpert: The real reason for brains
https://www.ted.com/talks/marco_tempest_the_augmented_reality_of_techno_magic "Marco Tempest: Augmented reality, techno-magic"
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_lewis_crowdsourcing_the_news Paul Lewis: How mobile phones helped solve two murders
https://www.ted.com/talks/sandra_fisher_martins_the_right_to_understand Sandra Fisher-Martins: The right to understand
https://www.ted.com/talks/martin_hanczyc_the_line_between_life_and_not_life Martin Hanczyc: The line between life and not-life
https://www.ted.com/talks/aparna_rao_high_tech_art_with_a_sense_of_humor Aparna Rao: High-tech art (with a sense of humor)
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_kacyra_ancient_wonders_captured_in_3d Ben Kacyra: Ancient wonders captured in 3D
https://www.ted.com/talks/allan_jones_a_map_of_the_brain Allan Jones: A map of the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/charlie_todd_the_shared_experience_of_absurdity Charlie Todd: The shared experience of absurdity
https://www.ted.com/talks/roger_mcnamee_six_ways_to_save_the_internet Roger McNamee: 6 ways to save the internet
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_nielsen_open_science_now Michael Nielsen: Open science now!
https://www.ted.com/talks/alexander_tsiaras_conception_to_birth_visualized Alexander Tsiaras: Conception to birth -- visualized
https://www.ted.com/talks/yves_rossy_fly_with_the_jetman Yves Rossy: Fly with the Jetman
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_suarez_a_12_year_old_app_developer Thomas Suarez: A 12-year-old app developer
https://www.ted.com/talks/cynthia_kenyon_experiments_that_hint_of_longer_lives Cynthia Kenyon: Experiments that hint of longer lives
https://www.ted.com/talks/robin_ince_science_versus_wonder Robin Ince: Science versus wonder?
https://www.ted.com/talks/gabe_zichermann_how_games_make_kids_smarter Gabe Zichermann: How games make kids smarter
https://www.ted.com/talks/natalie_warne_being_young_and_making_an_impact Natalie Warne: Being young and making an impact
https://www.ted.com/talks/phil_plait_how_to_defend_earth_from_asteroids Phil Plait: How to defend Earth from asteroids
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_fankhauser_meet_rezero_the_dancing_ballbot "PÌ©ter Fankhauser: Meet Rezero, the dancing ballbot"
https://www.ted.com/talks/joe_sabia_the_technology_of_storytelling Joe Sabia: The technology of storytelling
https://www.ted.com/talks/britta_riley_a_garden_in_my_apartment Britta Riley: A garden in my apartment
https://www.ted.com/talks/amy_purdy_living_beyond_limits Amy Purdy: Living beyond limits
https://www.ted.com/talks/damon_horowitz_philosophy_in_prison Damon Horowitz: Philosophy in prison
https://www.ted.com/talks/annie_murphy_paul_what_we_learn_before_we_re_born Annie Murphy Paul: What we learn before we're born
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_bohannon_dance_vs_powerpoint_a_modest_proposal "John Bohannon: Dance vs. powerpoint, a modest proposal"
https://www.ted.com/talks/charles_limb_building_the_musical_muscle Charles Limb: Building the musical muscle
https://www.ted.com/talks/kathryn_schulz_don_t_regret_regret Kathryn Schulz: Don't regret regret
https://www.ted.com/talks/leslie_dodson_don_t_misrepresent_africa Leslie Dodson: Don't misrepresent Africa
https://www.ted.com/talks/sarah_kay_how_many_lives_can_you_live Sarah Kay: How many lives can you live?
https://www.ted.com/talks/srdja_popovic_how_to_topple_a_dictator Srdja Popovic: How to topple a dictator
https://www.ted.com/talks/luis_von_ahn_massive_scale_online_collaboration Luis von Ahn: Massive-scale online collaboration
https://www.ted.com/talks/cheryl_hayashi_the_magnificence_of_spider_silk Cheryl Hayashi: The magnificence of spider silk
https://www.ted.com/talks/yoav_medan_ultrasound_surgery_healing_without_cuts Yoav Medan: Ultrasound surgery -- healing without cuts
https://www.ted.com/talks/stefon_harris_there_are_no_mistakes_on_the_bandstand Stefon Harris: There are no mistakes on the bandstand
https://www.ted.com/talks/klaus_stadlmann_the_world_s_smallest_3d_printer Klaus Stadlmann: The world's smallest 3D printer
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_damberger_what_happens_when_an_ngo_admits_failure David Damberger: What happens when an NGO admits failure
https://www.ted.com/talks/monika_bulaj_the_hidden_light_of_afghanistan Monika Bulaj: The hidden light of Afghanistan
https://www.ted.com/talks/quyen_nguyen_color_coded_surgery Quyen Nguyen: Color-coded surgery
https://www.ted.com/talks/pavan_sukhdev_what_s_the_price_of_nature Pavan Sukhdev: Put a value on nature!
https://www.ted.com/talks/homaro_cantu_ben_roche_cooking_as_alchemy Homaro Cantu + Ben Roche: Cooking as alchemy
https://www.ted.com/talks/ramona_pierson_an_unexpected_place_of_healing Ramona Pierson: An unexpected place of healing
https://www.ted.com/talks/roger_doiron_my_subversive_garden_plot Roger Doiron: My subversive (garden) plot
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_pogge_medicine_for_the_99_percent Thomas Pogge: Medicine for the 99 percent
https://www.ted.com/talks/antonio_damasio_the_quest_to_understand_consciousness Antonio Damasio: The quest to understand consciousness
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheila_nirenberg_a_prosthetic_eye_to_treat_blindness Sheila Nirenberg: A prosthetic eye to treat blindness
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_goldstein_the_battle_between_your_present_and_future_self Daniel Goldstein: The battle between your present and future self
https://www.ted.com/talks/karen_tse_how_to_stop_torture Karen Tse: How to stop torture
https://www.ted.com/talks/alberto_cairo_there_are_no_scraps_of_men Alberto Cairo: There are no scraps of men
https://www.ted.com/talks/aj_jacobs_how_healthy_living_nearly_killed_me AJ Jacobs: How healthy living nearly killed me
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_fonda_life_s_third_act Jane Fonda: Life's third act
https://www.ted.com/talks/paddy_ashdown_the_global_power_shift Paddy Ashdown: The global power shift
https://www.ted.com/talks/sebastian_wernicke_1000_tedtalks_6_words "Sebastian Wernicke: 1,000 TED Talks in six words"
https://www.ted.com/talks/nate_garvis_change_our_culture_change_our_world "Nate Garvis: Change our culture, change our world"
https://www.ted.com/talks/michelle_borkin_can_astronomers_help_doctors Michelle Borkin: Can astronomers help doctors?
https://www.ted.com/talks/tyler_cowen_be_suspicious_of_stories Tyler Cowen: Be suspicious of simple stories
https://www.ted.com/talks/award_winning_teen_age_science_in_action "Lauren Hodge, Shree Bose + Naomi Shah: Award-winning teenage science in action"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonas_gahr_store_in_defense_of_dialogue Jonas Gahr Stï¿½ï¿½re: In defense of dialogue
https://www.ted.com/talks/drew_berry_animations_of_unseeable_biology Drew Berry: Animations of unseeable biology
https://www.ted.com/talks/morley_sings_women_of_hope "Morley: ""Women of Hope"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/kirk_sorensen_thorium_an_alternative_nuclear_fuel "Kirk Sorensen: Thorium, an alternative nuclear fuel"
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_debut_of_the_british_paraorchestra Charles Hazlewood + British Paraorchestra: The debut of the British Paraorchestra
https://www.ted.com/talks/sonaar_luthra_meet_the_water_canary Sonaar Luthra: Meet the Water Canary
https://www.ted.com/talks/alain_de_botton_atheism_2_0 Alain de Botton: Atheism 2.0
https://www.ted.com/talks/mikko_hypponen_three_types_of_online_attack Mikko Hypponen: Three types of online attack
https://www.ted.com/talks/defend_our_freedom_to_share_or_why_sopa_is_a_bad_idea Clay Shirky: Why SOPA is a bad idea
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_choosing_what_to_choose Sheena Iyengar: How to make choosing easier
https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_rickard_the_beautiful_math_behind_the_ugliest_music Scott Rickard: The beautiful math behind the world's ugliest music
https://www.ted.com/talks/bilal_bomani_plant_fuels_that_could_power_a_jet Bilal Bomani: Plant fuels that could power a jet
https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_baggini_is_there_a_real_you Julian Baggini: Is there a real you?
https://www.ted.com/talks/lisa_harouni_a_primer_on_3d_printing Lisa Harouni: A primer on 3D printing
https://www.ted.com/talks/diana_nyad_extreme_swimming_with_the_world_s_most_dangerous_jellyfish Diana Nyad: Extreme swimming with the world's most dangerous jellyfish
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_goldman_doctors_make_mistakes_can_we_talk_about_that Brian Goldman: Doctors make mistakes. Can we talk about that?
https://www.ted.com/talks/gayle_tzemach_lemmon_women_entrepreneurs_example_not_exception "Gayle Tzemach Lemmon: Women entrepreneurs, example not exception"
https://www.ted.com/talks/bjarke_ingels_hedonistic_sustainability Bjarke Ingels: Hedonistic sustainability
https://www.ted.com/talks/mick_mountz_the_hidden_world_of_box_packing Mick Mountz: What happens inside those massive warehouses?
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_van_uhm_why_i_chose_a_gun Peter van Uhm: Why I chose a gun
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_doyle_treating_cancer_with_electric_fields Bill Doyle: Treating cancer with electric fields
https://www.ted.com/talks/shawn_achor_the_happy_secret_to_better_work Shawn Achor: The happy secret to better work
https://www.ted.com/talks/erica_frenkel_the_universal_anesthesia_machine Erica Frenkel: The universal anesthesia machine
https://www.ted.com/talks/danny_hillis_back_to_the_future_of_1994 Danny Hillis: Back to the future (of 1994)
https://www.ted.com/talks/mike_degruy_hooked_by_octopus Mike deGruy: Hooked by an octopus
https://www.ted.com/talks/aleph_molinari_let_s_bridge_the_digital_divide Aleph Molinari: Let's bridge the digital divide!
https://www.ted.com/talks/nancy_duarte_the_secret_structure_of_great_talks Nancy Duarte: The secret structure of great talks
https://www.ted.com/talks/neil_burgess_how_your_brain_tells_you_where_you_are Neil Burgess: How your brain tells you where you are
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_coleman_the_moral_dangers_of_non_lethal_weapons "Stephen Coleman: Non-lethal weapons, a moral hazard?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/sheikha_al_mayassa_globalizing_the_local_localizing_the_global "Sheikha Al Mayassa: Globalizing the local, localizing the global"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jack_horner_shape_shifting_dinosaurs Jack Horner: Where are the baby dinosaurs?
https://www.ted.com/talks/erik_johansson_impossible_photography Erik Johansson: Impossible photography
https://www.ted.com/talks/drew_dudley_everyday_leadership Drew Dudley: Everyday leadership
https://www.ted.com/talks/keith_nolan_deaf_in_the_military Keith Nolan: Deaf in the military
https://www.ted.com/talks/tyrone_hayes_penelope_jagessar_chaffer_the_toxic_baby Tyrone Hayes + Penelope Jagessar Chaffer: The toxic baby
https://www.ted.com/talks/jenna_mccarthy_what_you_don_t_know_about_marriage Jenna McCarthy: What you don't know about marriage
https://www.ted.com/talks/inara_george_sings_family_tree "Inara George: ""Family Tree"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/lucien_engelen_crowdsource_your_health Lucien Engelen: Crowdsource your health
https://www.ted.com/talks/simon_berrow_how_do_you_save_a_shark_you_know_nothing_about Simon Berrow: How do you save a shark you know nothing about?
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_conneally_digital_humanitarianism Paul Conneally: How mobile phones power disaster relief
https://www.ted.com/talks/garth_lenz_images_of_beauty_and_devastation Garth Lenz: The true cost of oil
https://www.ted.com/talks/lucianne_walkowicz_look_up_for_a_change Lucianne Walkowicz: Look up for a change
https://www.ted.com/talks/neil_macgregor_2600_years_of_history_in_one_object Neil MacGregor: 2600 years of history in one object
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_bliss_comedy_is_translation Chris Bliss: Comedy is translation
https://www.ted.com/talks/shilo_shiv_suleman_using_tech_to_enable_dreaming Shilo Shiv Suleman: Using tech to enable dreaming
https://www.ted.com/talks/shlomo_benartzi_saving_more_tomorrow "Shlomo Benartzi: Saving for tomorrow, tomorrow"
https://www.ted.com/talks/tan_le_my_immigration_story Tan Le: My immigration story
https://www.ted.com/talks/avi_rubin_all_your_devices_can_be_hacked Avi Rubin: All your devices can be hacked
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeffrey_kluger_the_sibling_bond Jeffrey Kluger: The sibling bond
https://www.ted.com/talks/kevin_allocca_why_videos_go_viral Kevin Allocca: Why videos go viral
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_snelgrove_a_census_of_the_ocean Paul Snelgrove: A census of the ocean
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_pauly_the_ocean_s_shifting_baseline Daniel Pauly: The ocean's shifting baseline
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_diamandis_abundance_is_our_future Peter Diamandis: Abundance is our future
https://www.ted.com/talks/paul_gilding_the_earth_is_full Paul Gilding: The Earth is full
https://www.ted.com/talks/vijay_kumar_robots_that_fly_and_cooperate Vijay Kumar: Robots that fly ... and cooperate
https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_cain_the_power_of_introverts Susan Cain: The power of introverts
https://www.ted.com/talks/bryan_stevenson_we_need_to_talk_about_an_injustice Bryan Stevenson: We need to talk about an injustice
https://www.ted.com/talks/andrew_stanton_the_clues_to_a_great_story Andrew Stanton: The clues to a great story
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_hansen_why_i_must_speak_out_about_climate_change James Hansen: Why I must speak out about climate change
https://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_pahlka_coding_a_better_government Jennifer Pahlka: Coding a better government
https://www.ted.com/talks/a_ted_speaker_s_worst_nightmare Improv Everywhere: A TED speaker's worst nightmare
https://www.ted.com/talks/kelli_anderson_design_to_challenge_reality Kelli Anderson: Design to challenge reality
https://www.ted.com/talks/larry_smith_why_you_will_fail_to_have_a_great_career Larry Smith: Why you will fail to have a great career
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_cockroach_beatbox Greg Gage: The cockroach beatbox
https://www.ted.com/talks/questions_no_one_knows_the_answers_to Chris Anderson (TED): Questions no one knows the answers to
https://www.ted.com/talks/deep_ocean_mysteries_and_wonders David Gallo: Deep ocean mysteries and wonders
https://www.ted.com/talks/how_simple_ideas_lead_to_scientific_discoveries Adam Savage: How simple ideas lead to scientific discoveries
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_haidt_humanity_s_stairway_to_self_transcendence "Jonathan Haidt: Religion, evolution, and the ecstasy of self-transcendence"
https://www.ted.com/talks/rob_reid_the_8_billion_ipod Rob Reid: The $8 billion iPod
https://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_listening_to_shame BrenÌ© Brown: Listening to shame
https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_summit_beautiful_artificial_limbs Scott Summit: Beautiful artificial limbs
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_raymond_victims_of_the_city Mark Raymond: Victims of the city
https://www.ted.com/talks/t_boone_pickens_let_s_transform_energy_with_natural_gas T. Boone Pickens: Let's transform energy -- with natural gas
https://www.ted.com/talks/noel_bairey_merz_the_single_biggest_health_threat_women_face Noel Bairey Merz: The single biggest health threat women face
https://www.ted.com/talks/taylor_wilson_yup_i_built_a_nuclear_fusion_reactor "Taylor Wilson: Yup, I built a nuclear fusion reactor"
https://www.ted.com/talks/billy_collins_everyday_moments_caught_in_time "Billy Collins: Everyday moments, caught in time"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jer_thorp_make_data_more_human Jer Thorp: Make data more human
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_saul_let_s_talk_about_dying Peter Saul: Let's talk about dying
https://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_renewable_energy Donald Sadoway: The missing link to renewable energy
https://www.ted.com/talks/regina_dugan_from_mach_20_glider_to_humming_bird_drone Regina Dugan: From mach-20 glider to hummingbird drone
https://www.ted.com/talks/leymah_gbowee_unlock_the_intelligence_passion_greatness_of_girls "Leymah Gbowee: Unlock the intelligence, passion, greatness of girls"
https://www.ted.com/talks/ayah_bdeir_building_blocks_that_blink_beep_and_teach "Ayah Bdeir: Building blocks that blink, beep and teach"
https://www.ted.com/talks/marco_tempest_a_magical_tale_with_augmented_reality Marco Tempest: A magical tale (with augmented reality)
https://www.ted.com/talks/daniel_schnitzer_inventing_is_the_easy_part Daniel Schnitzer: Inventing is the easy part. Marketing takes work
https://www.ted.com/talks/rick_falkvinge_i_am_a_pirate Rick Falkvinge: I am a pirate
https://www.ted.com/talks/the_secret_life_of_plankton Tierney Thys +  Plankton Chronicles Project: The secret life of plankton
https://www.ted.com/talks/sherry_turkle_alone_together "Sherry Turkle: Connected, but alone?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/chip_kidd_designing_books_is_no_laughing_matter_ok_it_is "Chip Kidd: Designing books is no laughing matter. OK, it is."
https://www.ted.com/talks/jack_choi_on_the_virtual_dissection_table Jack Choi: On the virtual dissection table
https://www.ted.com/talks/lucy_mcrae_how_can_technology_transform_the_human_body Lucy McRae: How can technology transform the human body?
https://www.ted.com/talks/put_the_financial_aid_in_the_bag "Carvens Lissaint: ""Put the financial aid in the bag"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_foley_the_other_inconvenient_truth Jonathan Foley: The other inconvenient truth
https://www.ted.com/talks/frank_warren_half_a_million_secrets Frank Warren: Half a million secrets
https://www.ted.com/talks/frans_de_waal_do_animals_have_morals Frans de Waal: Moral behavior in animals
https://www.ted.com/talks/melinda_gates_let_s_put_birth_control_back_on_the_agenda Melinda Gates: Let's put birth control back on the agenda
https://www.ted.com/talks/tal_golesworthy_how_i_repaired_my_own_heart Tal Golesworthy: How I repaired my own heart
https://www.ted.com/talks/abigail_washburn_building_us_china_relations_by_banjo Abigail Washburn: Building US-China relations ... by banjo
https://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine Atul Gawande: How do we heal medicine?
https://www.ted.com/talks/drew_curtis_how_i_beat_a_patent_troll Drew Curtis: How I beat a patent troll
https://www.ted.com/talks/taryn_simon_the_stories_behind_the_bloodlines Taryn Simon: The stories behind the bloodlines
https://www.ted.com/talks/laura_carstensen_older_people_are_happier Laura Carstensen: Older people are happier
https://www.ted.com/talks/christina_warinner_tracking_ancient_diseases_using_plaque Christina Warinner: Tracking ancient diseases using ... plaque
https://www.ted.com/talks/brian_greene_why_is_our_universe_fine_tuned_for_life Brian Greene: Is our universe the only universe?
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_norton_how_to_buy_happiness Michael Norton: How to buy happiness
https://www.ted.com/talks/just_how_small_is_an_atom Jon Bergmann: Just how small is an atom?
https://www.ted.com/talks/eduardo_paes_the_4_commandments_of_cities Eduardo Paes: The 4 commandments of cities
https://www.ted.com/talks/nancy_lublin_texting_that_saves_lives Nancy Lublin: Texting that saves lives
https://www.ted.com/talks/joe_smith_how_to_use_a_paper_towel Joe Smith: How to use a paper towel
https://www.ted.com/talks/brenda_brathwaite_gaming_for_understanding Brenda Romero: Gaming for understanding
https://www.ted.com/talks/liz_diller_a_giant_bubble_for_debate Liz Diller: A new museum wing ... in a giant bubble
https://www.ted.com/talks/amory_lovins_a_50_year_plan_for_energy Amory Lovins: A 40-year plan for energy
https://www.ted.com/talks/reuben_margolin_sculpting_waves_in_wood_and_time Reuben Margolin: Sculpting waves in wood and time
https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_kovacs_tracking_the_trackers Gary Kovacs: Tracking our online trackers
https://www.ted.com/talks/rory_sutherland_perspective_is_everything Rory Sutherland: Perspective is everything
https://www.ted.com/talks/tavi_gevinson_a_teen_just_trying_to_figure_it_out Tavi Gevinson: A teen just trying to figure it out
https://www.ted.com/talks/rick_guidotti_from_stigma_to_supermodel Rick Guidotti: From stigma to supermodel
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_tilson_thomas_music_and_emotion_through_time Michael Tilson Thomas: Music and emotion through time
https://www.ted.com/talks/jp_rangaswami_information_is_food JP Rangaswami: Information is food
https://www.ted.com/talks/karen_bass_unseen_footage_untamed_nature "Karen Bass: Unseen footage, untamed nature"
https://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_foer_feats_of_memory_anyone_can_do Joshua Foer: Feats of memory anyone can do
https://www.ted.com/talks/renny_gleeson_404_the_story_of_a_page_not_found "Renny Gleeson: 404, the story of a page not found"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jose_bowen_beethoven_the_businessman JosÌ© Bowen: Beethoven the businessman
https://www.ted.com/talks/bart_knols_cheese_dogs_and_pills_to_end_malaria Bart Knols: 3 new ways to kill mosquitoes
https://www.ted.com/talks/tali_sharot_the_optimism_bias Tali Sharot: The optimism bias
https://www.ted.com/talks/jean_baptiste_michel_the_mathematics_of_history Jean-Baptiste Michel: The mathematics of history
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_kelley_how_to_build_your_creative_confidence David Kelley: How to build your creative confidence
https://www.ted.com/talks/carl_schoonover_how_to_look_inside_the_brain Carl Schoonover: How to look inside the brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/jr_one_year_of_turning_the_world_inside_out JR: One year of turning the world inside out
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_mcdaniel_cheap_effective_shelter_for_disaster_relief "Michael McDaniel: Cheap, effective shelter for disaster relief"
https://www.ted.com/talks/melissa_garren_the_sea_we_ve_hardly_seen Melissa Garren: The sea we've hardly seen
https://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_wolfe_what_s_left_to_explore Nathan Wolfe: What's left to explore?
https://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_religions_and_babies Hans Rosling: Religions and babies
https://www.ted.com/talks/philippe_petit_the_journey_across_the_high_wire Philippe Petit: The journey across the high wire
https://www.ted.com/talks/shereen_el_feki_how_to_fight_an_epidemic_of_bad_laws Shereen El-Feki: HIV -- how to fight an epidemic of bad laws
https://www.ted.com/talks/reggie_watts_disorients_you_in_the_most_entertaining_way Reggie Watts: Beats that defy boxes
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_mackay_a_reality_check_on_renewables David MacKay: A reality check on renewables
https://www.ted.com/talks/ken_goldberg_4_lessons_from_robots_about_being_human Ken Goldberg: 4 lessons from robots about being human
https://www.ted.com/talks/william_noel_revealing_the_lost_codex_of_archimedes William Noel: Revealing the lost codex of Archimedes
https://www.ted.com/talks/dalia_mogahed_the_attitudes_that_sparked_arab_spring Dalia Mogahed: The attitudes that sparked Arab Spring
https://www.ted.com/talks/sebastian_deterding_what_your_designs_say_about_you Sebastian Deterding: What your designs say about you
https://www.ted.com/talks/quixotic_fusion_dancing_with_light Quixotic Fusion: Dancing with light
https://www.ted.com/talks/seth_shostak_et_is_probably_out_there_get_ready Seth Shostak: ET is (probably) out there -- get ready
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_birch_identity_without_a_name David Birch: A new way to stop identity theft
https://www.ted.com/talks/juan_enriquez_will_our_kids_be_a_different_species Juan Enriquez: Will our kids be a different species?
https://www.ted.com/talks/diane_kelly_what_we_didn_t_know_about_penis_anatomy Diane Kelly: What we didn't know about penis anatomy
https://www.ted.com/talks/terry_moore_why_is_x_the_unknown Terry Moore: Why is 'x' the unknown?
https://www.ted.com/talks/damian_palin_mining_minerals_from_seawater Damian Palin: Mining minerals from seawater
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_hodgman_design_explained "John Hodgman: Design, explained."
https://www.ted.com/talks/ami_klin_a_new_way_to_diagnose_autism Ami Klin: A new way to diagnose autism
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_hockenberry_we_are_all_designers John Hockenberry: We are all designers
https://www.ted.com/talks/rebecca_onie_what_if_our_healthcare_system_kept_us_healthy Rebecca Onie: What if our healthcare system kept us healthy?
https://www.ted.com/talks/beeban_kidron_the_shared_wonder_of_film Beeban Kidron: The shared wonder of film
https://www.ted.com/talks/sarah_parcak_archeology_from_space Sarah Parcak: Archaeology from space
https://www.ted.com/talks/lz_granderson_the_myth_of_the_gay_agenda LZ Granderson: The myth of the gay agenda
https://www.ted.com/talks/rodney_mullen_pop_an_ollie_and_innovate Rodney Mullen: Pop an ollie and innovate!
https://www.ted.com/talks/megan_kamerick_women_should_represent_women_in_media Megan Kamerick: Women should represent women in media
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_r_dow_lessons_from_death_row_inmates David R. Dow: Lessons from death row inmates
https://www.ted.com/talks/ivan_oransky_are_we_over_medicalized Ivan Oransky: Are we over-medicalized?
https://www.ted.com/talks/marco_tempest_the_electric_rise_and_fall_of_nikola_tesla Marco Tempest: The electric rise and fall of Nikola Tesla
https://www.ted.com/talks/peter_norvig_the_100_000_student_classroom "Peter Norvig: The 100,000-student classroom"
https://www.ted.com/talks/wolfgang_kessling_how_to_air_condition_outdoor_spaces Wolfgang Kessling: How to air-condition outdoor spaces
https://www.ted.com/talks/jon_nguyen_tour_the_solar_system_from_home Jon Nguyen: Tour the solar system from home
https://www.ted.com/talks/nirmalya_kumar_india_s_invisible_entrepreneurs Nirmalya Kumar: India's invisible innovation
https://www.ted.com/talks/e_o_wilson_advice_to_young_scientists E.O. Wilson: Advice to a young scientist
https://www.ted.com/talks/rives_reinventing_the_encyclopedia_game Rives: Reinventing the encyclopedia game
https://www.ted.com/talks/massimo_banzi_how_arduino_is_open_sourcing_imagination Massimo Banzi: How Arduino is open-sourcing imagination
https://www.ted.com/talks/don_tapscott_four_principles_for_the_open_world_1 Don Tapscott: Four principles for the open world
https://www.ted.com/talks/elyn_saks_seeing_mental_illness Elyn Saks: A tale of mental illness -- from the inside
https://www.ted.com/talks/boaz_almog_levitates_a_superconductor Boaz Almog: The levitating superconductor
https://www.ted.com/talks/alanna_shaikh_how_i_m_preparing_to_get_alzheimer_s Alanna Shaikh: How I'm preparing to get Alzheimer's
https://www.ted.com/talks/raghava_kk_what_s_your_200_year_plan Raghava KK: What's your 200-year plan?
https://www.ted.com/talks/cesar_harada_a_novel_idea_for_cleaning_up_oil_spills Cesar Harada: A novel idea for cleaning up oil spills
https://www.ted.com/talks/usman_riaz_and_preston_reed_a_young_guitarist_meets_his_hero Usman Riaz + Preston Reed: A young guitarist meets his hero
https://www.ted.com/talks/jane_mcgonigal_the_game_that_can_give_you_10_extra_years_of_life Jane McGonigal: The game that can give you 10 extra years of life
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_eisen_meet_your_microbes Jonathan Eisen: Meet your microbes
https://www.ted.com/talks/chris_gerdes_the_future_race_car_150mph_and_no_driver "Chris Gerdes: The future race car -- 150mph, and no driver"
https://www.ted.com/talks/marc_goodman_a_vision_of_crimes_in_the_future Marc Goodman: A vision of crimes in the future
https://www.ted.com/talks/jared_ficklin_new_ways_to_see_music_with_color_and_fire Jared Ficklin: New ways to see music (with color! and fire!)
https://www.ted.com/talks/todd_humphreys_how_to_fool_a_gps Todd Humphreys: How to fool a GPS
https://www.ted.com/talks/gabriel_barcia_colombo_capturing_memories_in_video_art Gabriel Barcia-Colombo: Capturing memories in video art
https://www.ted.com/talks/mina_bissell_experiments_that_point_to_a_new_understanding_of_cancer Mina Bissell: Experiments that point to a new understanding of cancer
https://www.ted.com/talks/jamie_drummond_how_to_set_goals_for_the_world Jamie Drummond: Let's crowdsource the world's goals
https://www.ted.com/talks/baba_shiv_sometimes_it_s_good_to_give_up_the_driver_s_seat Baba Shiv: Sometimes it's good to give up the driver's seat
https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_mills_image_recognition_that_triggers_augmented_reality Matt Mills: Image recognition that triggers augmented reality
https://www.ted.com/talks/neil_harbisson_i_listen_to_color Neil Harbisson: I listen to color
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_graham_cumming_the_greatest_machine_that_never_was John Graham-Cumming: The greatest machine that never was
https://www.ted.com/talks/vinay_venkatraman_technology_crafts_for_the_digitally_underserved Vinay Venkatraman: Technology crafts for the digitally underserved
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_stavridis_how_nato_s_supreme_commander_thinks_about_global_security James Stavridis: A Navy Admiral's thoughts on global security
https://www.ted.com/talks/malte_spitz_your_phone_company_is_watching Malte Spitz: Your phone company is watching
https://www.ted.com/talks/tracy_chevalier_finding_the_story_inside_the_painting Tracy Chevalier: Finding the story inside the painting
https://www.ted.com/talks/ramesh_raskar_a_camera_that_takes_one_trillion_frames_per_second Ramesh Raskar: Imaging at a trillion frames per second
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_hansmeyer_building_unimaginable_shapes Michael Hansmeyer: Building unimaginable shapes
https://www.ted.com/talks/noah_wilson_rich_every_city_needs_healthy_honey_bees Noah Wilson-Rich: Every city needs healthy honey bees
https://www.ted.com/talks/giles_duley_when_a_reporter_becomes_the_story Giles Duley: When a reporter becomes the story
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_anti_behind_the_great_firewall_of_china Michael Anti: Behind the Great Firewall of China
https://www.ted.com/talks/stephen_ritz_a_teacher_growing_green_in_the_south_bronx Stephen Ritz: A teacher growing green in the South Bronx
https://www.ted.com/talks/daphne_koller_what_we_re_learning_from_online_education Daphne Koller: What we're learning from online education
https://www.ted.com/talks/becci_manson_re_touching_lives_through_photos Becci Manson: (Re)touching lives through photos
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_applebaum_the_mad_scientist_of_music Mark Applebaum: The mad scientist of music
https://www.ted.com/talks/hannah_fry_is_life_really_that_complex Hannah Fry: Is life really that complex?
https://www.ted.com/talks/scilla_elworthy_fighting_with_non_violence Scilla Elworthy: Fighting with nonviolence
https://www.ted.com/talks/margaret_heffernan_dare_to_disagree Margaret Heffernan: Dare to disagree
https://www.ted.com/talks/max_little_a_test_for_parkinson_s_with_a_phone_call Max Little: A test for Parkinson's with a phone call
https://www.ted.com/talks/pam_warhurst_how_we_can_eat_our_landscapes Pam Warhurst: How we can eat our landscapes
https://www.ted.com/talks/kirby_ferguson_embrace_the_remix Kirby Ferguson: Embrace the remix
https://www.ted.com/talks/lisa_kristine_glimpses_of_modern_day_slavery Lisa Kristine: Photos that bear witness to modern slavery
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_forsyth_what_s_a_snollygoster_a_short_lesson_in_political_speak Mark Forsyth: What's a snollygoster? A short lesson in political speak
https://www.ted.com/talks/ivan_krastev_can_democracy_exist_without_trust Ivan Krastev: Can democracy exist without trust?
https://www.ted.com/talks/caitria_and_morgan_o_neill_how_to_step_up_in_the_face_of_disaster Caitria + Morgan O'Neill: How to step up in the face of disaster
https://www.ted.com/talks/jon_ronson_strange_answers_to_the_psychopath_test Jon Ronson: Strange answers to the psychopath test
https://www.ted.com/talks/timothy_prestero_design_for_people_not_awards "Timothy Prestero: Design for people, not awards"
https://www.ted.com/talks/rob_legato_the_art_of_creating_awe Rob Legato: The art of creating awe
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_neuwirth_the_power_of_the_informal_economy Robert Neuwirth: The power of the informal economy
https://www.ted.com/talks/shyam_sankar_the_rise_of_human_computer_cooperation Shyam Sankar: The rise of human-computer cooperation
https://www.ted.com/talks/antony_gormley_sculpted_space_within_and_without "Antony Gormley: Sculpted space, within and without"
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_trent_energy_from_floating_algae_pods Jonathan Trent: Energy from floating algae pods
https://www.ted.com/talks/kent_larson_brilliant_designs_to_fit_more_people_in_every_city Kent Larson: Brilliant designs to fit more people in every city
https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_fraser_the_problem_with_eyewitness_testimony Scott Fraser: Why eyewitnesses get it wrong
https://www.ted.com/talks/vikram_patel_mental_health_for_all_by_involving_all Vikram Patel: Mental health for all by involving all
https://www.ted.com/talks/leslie_t_chang_the_voices_of_china_s_workers Leslie T. Chang: The voices of China's workers
https://www.ted.com/talks/susan_solomon_the_promise_of_research_with_stem_cells Susan Solomon: The promise of research with stem cells
https://www.ted.com/talks/wayne_mcgregor_a_choreographer_s_creative_process_in_real_time Wayne McGregor: A choreographer's creative process in real time
https://www.ted.com/talks/beth_noveck_demand_a_more_open_source_government Beth Noveck: Demand a more open-source government
https://www.ted.com/talks/tristram_stuart_the_global_food_waste_scandal Tristram Stuart: The global food waste scandal
https://www.ted.com/talks/sarah_jayne_blakemore_the_mysterious_workings_of_the_adolescent_brain Sarah-Jayne Blakemore: The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain
https://www.ted.com/talks/julian_treasure_why_architects_need_to_use_their_ears Julian Treasure: Why architects need to use their ears
https://www.ted.com/talks/andrew_blum_what_is_the_internet_really Andrew Blum: Discover the physical side of the internet
https://www.ted.com/talks/bandi_mbubi_demand_a_fair_trade_cell_phone Bandi Mbubi: Demand a fair trade cell phone
https://www.ted.com/talks/ed_gavagan_a_story_about_knots_and_surgeons Ed Gavagan: A story about knots and surgeons
https://www.ted.com/talks/rachel_botsman_the_currency_of_the_new_economy_is_trust Rachel Botsman: The currency of the new economy is trust
https://www.ted.com/talks/andrew_mcafee_are_droids_taking_our_jobs Andrew McAfee: Are droids taking our jobs?
https://www.ted.com/talks/read_montague_what_we_re_learning_from_5_000_brains "Read Montague: What we're learning from 5,000 brains"
https://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_how_the_internet_will_one_day_transform_government Clay Shirky: How the Internet will (one day) transform government
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_lloyd_an_animated_tour_of_the_invisible John Lloyd: An animated tour of the invisible
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_goldacre_what_doctors_don_t_know_about_the_drugs_they_prescribe Ben Goldacre: What doctors don't know about the drugs they prescribe
https://www.ted.com/talks/bahia_shehab_a_thousand_times_no Bahia Shehab: A thousand times no
https://www.ted.com/talks/aris_venetikidis_making_sense_of_maps Aris Venetikidis: Making sense of maps
https://www.ted.com/talks/vicki_arroyo_let_s_prepare_for_our_new_climate Vicki Arroyo: Let's prepare for our new climate
https://www.ted.com/talks/amy_cuddy_your_body_language_shapes_who_you_are Amy Cuddy: Your body language may shape who you are
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_gupta_between_music_and_medicine Robert Gupta: Between music and medicine
https://www.ted.com/talks/jason_mccue_terrorism_is_a_failed_brand Jason McCue: Terrorism is a failed brand
https://www.ted.com/talks/shimon_schocken_the_self_organizing_computer_course Shimon Schocken: The self-organizing computer course
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_p_campbell_weaving_narratives_in_museum_galleries Thomas P. Campbell: Weaving narratives in museum galleries
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_leberecht_3_ways_to_usefully_lose_control_of_your_reputation Tim Leberecht: 3 ways to (usefully) lose control of your brand
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_maeda_how_art_technology_and_design_inform_creative_leaders "John Maeda: How art, technology and design inform creative leaders"
https://www.ted.com/talks/ruby_wax_what_s_so_funny_about_mental_illness Ruby Wax: What's so funny about mental illness?
https://www.ted.com/talks/melissa_marshall_talk_nerdy_to_me Melissa Marshall: Talk nerdy to me
https://www.ted.com/talks/maurizio_seracini_the_secret_lives_of_paintings Maurizio Seracini: The secret lives of paintings
https://www.ted.com/talks/eddie_obeng_smart_failure_for_a_fast_changing_world Eddie Obeng: Smart failure for a fast-changing world
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_wilbanks_let_s_pool_our_medical_data John Wilbanks: Let's pool our medical data
https://www.ted.com/talks/beau_lotto_amy_o_toole_science_is_for_everyone_kids_included "Beau Lotto + Amy O'Toole: Science is for everyone, kids included"
https://www.ted.com/talks/heather_brooke_my_battle_to_expose_government_corruption Heather Brooke: My battle to expose government corruption
https://www.ted.com/talks/ryan_merkley_online_video_annotated_remixed_and_popped "Ryan Merkley: Online video -- annotated, remixed and popped"
https://www.ted.com/talks/pankaj_ghemawat_actually_the_world_isn_t_flat "Pankaj Ghemawat: Actually, the world isn't flat"
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_pizarro_the_strange_politics_of_disgust David Pizarro: The strange politics of disgust
https://www.ted.com/talks/lemn_sissay_a_child_of_the_state Lemn Sissay: A child of the state
https://www.ted.com/talks/doris_kim_sung_metal_that_breathes Doris Kim Sung: Metal that breathes
https://www.ted.com/talks/marco_tempest_a_cyber_magic_card_trick_like_no_other Marco Tempest: A cyber-magic card trick like no other
https://www.ted.com/talks/rory_stewart_how_to_rebuild_democracy Rory Stewart: Why democracy matters
https://www.ted.com/talks/sanjay_pradhan_how_open_data_is_changing_international_aid Sanjay Pradhan: How open data is changing international aid
https://www.ted.com/talks/emma_teeling_the_secret_of_the_bat_genome Emma Teeling: The secret of the bat genome
https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_garone_healthier_men_one_moustache_at_a_time "Adam Garone: Healthier men, one moustache at a time"
https://www.ted.com/talks/faith_jegede_what_i_ve_learned_from_my_autistic_brothers Faith Jegede Cole: What I've learned from my autistic brothers
https://www.ted.com/talks/matt_killingsworth_want_to_be_happier_stay_in_the_moment Matt Killingsworth: Want to be happier? Stay in the moment
https://www.ted.com/talks/jake_wood_a_new_mission_for_veterans_disaster_relief Jake Wood: A new mission for veterans -- disaster relief
https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_greenberg_the_beautiful_nano_details_of_our_world Gary Greenberg: The beautiful nano details of our world
https://www.ted.com/talks/georgette_mulheir_the_tragedy_of_orphanages Georgette Mulheir: The tragedy of orphanages
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_hancock_3_types_of_digital_lies Jeff Hancock: The future of lying
https://www.ted.com/talks/julie_burstein_4_lessons_in_creativity Julie Burstein: 4 lessons in creativity
https://www.ted.com/talks/arunachalam_muruganantham_how_i_started_a_sanitary_napkin_revolution Arunachalam Muruganantham: How I started a sanitary napkin revolution!
https://www.ted.com/talks/hannah_brencher_love_letters_to_strangers Hannah Brencher: Love letters to strangers
https://www.ted.com/talks/leah_buechley_how_to_sketch_with_electronics "Leah Buechley: How to ""sketch"" with electronics"
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_binder_the_arts_festival_revolution David Binder: The arts festival revolution
https://www.ted.com/talks/daphne_bavelier_your_brain_on_video_games Daphne Bavelier: Your brain on video games
https://www.ted.com/talks/amos_winter_the_cheap_all_terrain_wheelchair Amos Winter: The cheap all-terrain wheelchair
https://www.ted.com/talks/teenaged_boy_wonders_play_bluegrass Sleepy Man Banjo Boys: Teen wonders play bluegrass
https://www.ted.com/talks/louie_schwartzberg_nature_beauty_gratitude Louie Schwartzberg: Nature. Beauty. Gratitude.
https://www.ted.com/talks/candy_chang_before_i_die_i_want_to Candy Chang: Before I die I want to ...
https://www.ted.com/talks/ernesto_sirolli_want_to_help_someone_shut_up_and_listen Ernesto Sirolli: Want to help someone? Shut up and listen!
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonas_eliasson_how_to_solve_traffic_jams Jonas Eliasson: How to solve traffic jams
https://www.ted.com/talks/janine_shepherd_a_broken_body_isn_t_a_broken_person Janine Shepherd: A broken body isn't a broken person
https://www.ted.com/talks/munir_virani_why_i_love_vultures Munir Virani: Why I love vultures
https://www.ted.com/talks/paolo_cardini_forget_multitasking_try_monotasking "Paolo Cardini: Forget multitasking, try monotasking"
https://www.ted.com/talks/bobby_ghosh_why_global_jihad_is_losing Bobby Ghosh: Why global jihad is losing
https://www.ted.com/talks/ludwick_marishane_a_bath_without_water Ludwick Marishane: A bath without water
https://www.ted.com/talks/jeff_smith_lessons_in_business_from_prison Jeff Smith: Lessons in business ... from prison
https://www.ted.com/talks/nina_tandon_could_tissue_engineering_mean_personalized_medicine Nina Tandon: Could tissue engineering mean personalized medicine?
https://www.ted.com/talks/lemon_andersen_performs_please_don_t_take_my_air_jordans Lemon Andersen: Please don't take my Air Jordans
https://www.ted.com/talks/ellen_t_hoen_pool_medical_patents_save_lives "Ellen 't Hoen: Pool medical patents, save lives"
https://www.ted.com/talks/markham_nolan_how_to_separate_fact_and_fiction_online Markham Nolan: How to separate fact and fiction online
https://www.ted.com/talks/maz_jobrani_a_saudi_an_indian_and_an_iranian_walk_into_a_qatari_bar "Maz Jobrani: A Saudi, an Indian and an Iranian walk into a Qatari bar ..."
https://www.ted.com/talks/marcus_byrne_the_dance_of_the_dung_beetle Marcus Byrne: The dance of the dung beetle
https://www.ted.com/talks/ben_saunders_why_bother_leaving_the_house Ben Saunders: Why bother leaving the house?
https://www.ted.com/talks/robin_chase_excuse_me_may_i_rent_your_car "Robin Chase: Excuse me, may I rent your car?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/molly_crockett_beware_neuro_bunk Molly Crockett: Beware neuro-bunk
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_addis_a_father_daughter_bond_one_photo_at_a_time "Steven Addis: A father-daughter bond, one photo at a time"
https://www.ted.com/talks/adam_davidson_what_we_learned_from_teetering_on_the_fiscal_cliff Adam Davidson: What we learned from teetering on the fiscal cliff
https://www.ted.com/talks/israel_and_iran_a_love_story Ronny Edry: Israel and Iran: A love story?
https://www.ted.com/talks/karen_thompson_walker_what_fear_can_teach_us Karen Thompson Walker: What fear can teach us
https://www.ted.com/talks/hadyn_parry_re_engineering_mosquitos_to_fight_disease Hadyn Parry: Re-engineering mosquitos to fight disease
https://www.ted.com/talks/don_levy_a_cinematic_journey_through_visual_effects Don Levy: A cinematic journey through visual effects
https://www.ted.com/talks/jonathan_haidt_how_common_threats_can_make_common_political_ground Jonathan Haidt: How common threats can make common (political) ground
https://www.ted.com/talks/sue_austin_deep_sea_diving_in_a_wheelchair Sue Austin: Deep sea diving ... in a wheelchair
https://www.ted.com/talks/jarrett_j_krosoczka_how_a_boy_became_an_artist Jarrett J. Krosoczka: How a boy became an artist
https://www.ted.com/talks/boghuma_kabisen_titanji_ethical_riddles_in_hiv_research Boghuma Kabisen Titanji: Ethical riddles in HIV research
https://www.ted.com/talks/andy_puddicombe_all_it_takes_is_10_mindful_minutes Andy Puddicombe: All it takes is 10 mindful minutes
https://www.ted.com/talks/angela_patton_a_father_daughter_dance_in_prison Angela Patton: A father-daughter dance ... in prison
https://www.ted.com/talks/ellen_jorgensen_biohacking_you_can_do_it_too "Ellen Jorgensen: Biohacking -- you can do it, too"
https://www.ted.com/talks/cameron_russell_looks_aren_t_everything_believe_me_i_m_a_model "Cameron Russell: Looks aren't everything. Believe me, I'm a model."
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_weller_could_the_sun_be_good_for_your_heart Richard Weller: Could the sun be good for your heart?
https://www.ted.com/talks/colin_stokes_how_movies_teach_manhood Colin Stokes: How movies teach manhood
https://www.ted.com/talks/janine_di_giovanni_what_i_saw_in_the_war Janine di Giovanni: What I saw in the war
https://www.ted.com/talks/colin_powell_kids_need_structure Colin Powell: Kids need structure
https://www.ted.com/talks/steven_schwaitzberg_a_universal_translator_for_surgeons Steven Schwaitzberg: A universal translator for surgeons
https://www.ted.com/talks/leslie_morgan_steiner_why_domestic_violence_victims_don_t_leave Leslie Morgan Steiner: Why domestic violence victims don't leave
https://www.ted.com/talks/wingham_rowan_a_new_kind_of_job_market Wingham Rowan: A new kind of job market
https://www.ted.com/talks/mitch_resnick_let_s_teach_kids_to_code Mitch Resnick: Let's teach kids to code
https://www.ted.com/talks/io_tillett_wright_fifty_shades_of_gay iO Tillett Wright: Fifty shades of gay
https://www.ted.com/talks/fahad_al_attiya_a_country_with_no_water Fahad Al-Attiya: A country with no water
https://www.ted.com/talks/kid_president_i_think_we_all_need_a_pep_talk Kid President: I think we all need a pep talk
https://www.ted.com/talks/zahra_langhi_why_libya_s_revolution_didn_t_work_and_what_might Zahra' Langhi: Why Libya's revolution didn't work -- and what might
https://www.ted.com/talks/tyler_dewitt_hey_science_teachers_make_it_fun Tyler DeWitt: Hey science teachers -- make it fun
https://www.ted.com/talks/cesar_kuriyama_one_second_every_day Cesar Kuriyama: One second every day
https://www.ted.com/talks/lee_cronin_print_your_own_medicine Lee Cronin: Print your own medicine
https://www.ted.com/talks/edi_rama_take_back_your_city_with_paint Edi Rama: Take back your city with paint
https://www.ted.com/talks/shabana_basij_rasikh_dare_to_educate_afghan_girls Shabana Basij-Rasikh: Dare to educate Afghan girls
https://www.ted.com/talks/erik_schlangen_a_self_healing_asphalt "Erik Schlangen: A ""self-healing"" asphalt"
https://www.ted.com/talks/james_b_glattfelder_who_controls_the_world James B. Glattfelder: Who controls the world?
https://www.ted.com/talks/esther_perel_the_secret_to_desire_in_a_long_term_relationship Esther Perel: The secret to desire in a long-term relationship
https://www.ted.com/talks/young_ha_kim_be_an_artist_right_now "Young-ha Kim: Be an artist, right now!"
https://www.ted.com/talks/miguel_nicolelis_a_monkey_that_controls_a_robot_with_its_thoughts_no_really "Miguel Nicolelis: A monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. No, really."
https://www.ted.com/talks/keith_chen_could_your_language_affect_your_ability_to_save_money Keith Chen: Could your language affect your ability to save money?
https://www.ted.com/talks/afra_raymond_three_myths_about_corruption Afra Raymond: Three myths about corruption
https://www.ted.com/talks/andreas_schleicher_use_data_to_build_better_schools Andreas Schleicher: Use data to build better schools
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_dickinson_how_a_fly_flies Michael Dickinson: How a fly flies
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruce_feiler_agile_programming_for_your_family Bruce Feiler: Agile programming -- for your family
https://www.ted.com/talks/bruno_maisonnier_dance_tiny_robots "Bruno Maisonnier: Dance, tiny robots!"
https://www.ted.com/talks/sugata_mitra_build_a_school_in_the_cloud Sugata Mitra: Build a School in the Cloud
https://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_granholm_a_clean_energy_proposal_race_to_the_top Jennifer Granholm: A clean energy proposal -- race to the top!
https://www.ted.com/talks/amanda_palmer_the_art_of_asking Amanda Palmer: The art of asking
https://www.ted.com/talks/allan_savory_how_to_green_the_world_s_deserts_and_reverse_climate_change Allan Savory: How to fight desertification and reverse climate change
https://www.ted.com/talks/edith_widder_how_we_found_the_giant_squid Edith Widder: How we found the giant squid
https://www.ted.com/talks/ron_finley_a_guerilla_gardener_in_south_central_la Ron Finley: A guerilla gardener in South Central LA
https://www.ted.com/talks/kakenya_ntaiya_a_girl_who_demanded_school Kakenya Ntaiya: A girl who demanded school
https://www.ted.com/talks/shane_koyczan_to_this_day_for_the_bullied_and_beautiful Shane Koyczan: To This Day ... for the bullied and beautiful
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_pallotta_the_way_we_think_about_charity_is_dead_wrong Dan Pallotta: The way we think about charity is dead wrong
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_anderson_your_brain_is_more_than_a_bag_of_chemicals David Anderson: Your brain is more than a bag of chemicals
https://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_the_dawn_of_de_extinction_are_you_ready Stewart Brand: The dawn of de-extinction. Are you ready?
https://www.ted.com/talks/bono_the_good_news_on_poverty_yes_there_s_good_news "Bono: The good news on poverty (Yes, there's good news)"
https://www.ted.com/talks/catarina_mota_play_with_smart_materials Catarina Mota: Play with smart materials
https://www.ted.com/talks/danny_hillis_the_internet_could_crash_we_need_a_plan_b Danny Hillis: The Internet could crash. We need a Plan B
https://www.ted.com/talks/elon_musk_the_mind_behind_tesla_spacex_solarcity "Elon Musk: The mind behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ..."
https://www.ted.com/talks/hyeonseo_lee_my_escape_from_north_korea Hyeonseo Lee: My escape from North Korea
https://www.ted.com/talks/francis_collins_we_need_better_drugs_now Francis Collins: We need better drugs -- now
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_whitacre_virtual_choir_live Eric Whitacre: Virtual Choir Live
https://www.ted.com/talks/jessica_green_good_germs_make_healthy_buildings Jessica Green: We're covered in germs. Let's design for that.
https://www.ted.com/talks/mark_shaw_one_very_dry_demo Mark Shaw: One very dry demo
https://www.ted.com/talks/richard_turere_a_peace_treaty_with_the_lions Richard Turere: My invention that made peace with lions
https://www.ted.com/talks/colin_camerer_neuroscience_game_theory_monkeys "Colin Camerer: When you're making a deal, what's going on in your brain?"
https://www.ted.com/talks/katherine_kuchenbecker_the_technology_of_touch Katherine Kuchenbecker: The technology of touch
https://www.ted.com/talks/kees_moeliker_how_a_dead_duck_changed_my_life Kees Moeliker: How a dead duck changed my life
https://www.ted.com/talks/sanjay_dastoor_a_skateboard_with_a_boost "Sanjay Dastoor: A skateboard, with a boost"
https://www.ted.com/talks/lawrence_lessig_we_the_people_and_the_republic_we_must_reclaim "Lawrence Lessig: We the People, and the Republic we must reclaim"
https://www.ted.com/talks/skylar_tibbits_the_emergence_of_4d_printing "Skylar Tibbits: The emergence of ""4D printing"""
https://www.ted.com/talks/ken_jennings_watson_jeopardy_and_me_the_obsolete_know_it_all "Ken Jennings: Watson, Jeopardy and me, the obsolete know-it-all"
https://www.ted.com/talks/freeman_hrabowski_4_pillars_of_college_success_in_science Freeman Hrabowski: 4 pillars of college success in science
https://www.ted.com/talks/keller_rinaudo_a_mini_robot_powered_by_your_phone Keller Rinaudo: A mini robot -- powered by your phone
https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_ariely_what_makes_us_feel_good_about_our_work Dan Ariely: What makes us feel good about our work?
https://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_health_care_should_be_a_team_sport Eric Dishman: Health care should be a team sport
https://www.ted.com/talks/laura_snyder_the_philosophical_breakfast_club Laura Snyder: The Philosophical Breakfast Club
https://www.ted.com/talks/rose_george_let_s_talk_crap_seriously Rose George: Let's talk crap. Seriously.
https://www.ted.com/talks/thomas_insel_toward_a_new_understanding_of_mental_illness Thomas Insel: Toward a new understanding of mental illness
https://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_prager_in_search_for_the_man_who_broke_my_neck Joshua Prager: In search of the man who broke my neck
https://www.ted.com/talks/andres_lozano_parkinson_s_depression_and_the_switch_that_might_turn_them_off "Andres Lozano: Parkinson's, depression and the switch that might turn them off"
https://www.ted.com/talks/black_my_journey_to_yo_yo_mastery BLACK: My journey to yo-yo mastery
https://www.ted.com/talks/john_mcwhorter_txtng_is_killing_language_jk John McWhorter: Txtng is killing language. JK!!!
https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_gordon_the_death_of_innovation_the_end_of_growth "Robert Gordon: The death of innovation, the end of growth"
https://www.ted.com/talks/erik_brynjolfsson_the_key_to_growth_race_em_with_em_the_machines Erik Brynjolfsson: The key to growth? Race with the machines
https://www.ted.com/talks/how_much_does_a_video_weigh Michael Stevens: How much does a video weigh?
https://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_healey_if_cars_could_talk_accidents_might_be_avoidable "Jennifer Healey: If cars could talk, accidents might be avoidable"
https://www.ted.com/talks/david_pogue_10_top_time_saving_tech_tips David Pogue: 10 top time-saving tech tips
https://www.ted.com/talks/nilofer_merchant_got_a_meeting_take_a_walk Nilofer Merchant: Got a meeting? Take a walk
https://www.ted.com/talks/taylor_wilson_my_radical_plan_for_small_nuclear_fission_reactors Taylor Wilson: My radical plan for small nuclear fission reactors
https://www.ted.com/talks/sebastiao_salgado_the_silent_drama_of_photography SebastiÌ£o Salgado: The silent drama of photography
https://www.ted.com/talks/juan_enriquez_how_to_think_about_digital_tattoos "Juan Enriquez: Your online life, permanent as a tattoo"
https://www.ted.com/talks/rita_pierson_every_kid_needs_a_champion Rita Pierson: Every kid needs a champion
https://www.ted.com/talks/timothy_bartik_the_economic_case_for_preschool Timothy Bartik: The economic case for preschool
https://www.ted.com/talks/shaolan_learn_to_read_chinese_with_ease ShaoLan: Learn to read Chinese ... with ease!
https://www.ted.com/talks/bill_gates_teachers_need_real_feedback Bill Gates: Teachers need real feedback
https://www.ted.com/talks/ramsey_musallam_3_rules_to_spark_learning Ramsey Musallam: 3 rules to spark learning
https://www.ted.com/talks/pearl_arredondo_my_story_from_gangland_daughter_to_star_teacher "Pearl Arredondo: My story, from gangland daughter to star teacher"
